I went to see the movie with my friends. Never in my dream, I thought that this movie is about relationship, responsibility and romance.nnJazz is a happy independent person who is in his late 40s. Tia a sweet 21-year-old girl whose mother is a hippie. Yes, you heard me right, Taboo played the role of a hippie mother. Tia came all the way to London to discover whether Jazz is his father. They go for a DNA test. And guess what, they are actually family. There are daughter, sons, father-mother, grand father-mother, great grand father-mother.nnThis film could be seen with family. I am in my early 30s and could directly relate to the content of the movie. My respect for Pooja Entertainment has increased. This is the kind of content you would like production houses to come with.nnHigh respect to the director and editor for put up things in a proper manner. I rate 10 on 10.
I assure you the movie is just hilarious and it’s so witty at points that you would have to be humorous enough to catch it, there’s a scene where tabu say’s “microwave se cancer hota hai” where saif replies “ adha kilo tobacco pi lenge or microwave se cancer hoga” hilarious must watch.

One of the better movies that I have seen in a long time. Saif Ali Khan is truly phenomenal! It is a must watch. Would recommend all to watch it.
This latest movie from Pooja Entertainment - Jawaani Jaaneman is a whole family entertainer. Story is very well written, kudos to Hussain Dalal, Abbas Dalal. I have always been a fan of the movies produced by Pooja entertainment. Right from Coolie No.1 to Shaadi No.1 to Youngistaan. .  A must watch for everyone. High Five to the cast Saif Ali Khan, Tabu, Alaya Furniturewala and other. The story is funny yet deep. It talks about so many things about life, family, relationships.10 out of 10.

Being cool,a lesson learned the hard and in a funny waynFinally, we have a movie that's not about a nonrealistic love story, it about youthfulness “Jawaani Jaaneman” that does happen in real life and therefore, connects more people with the plot. Loved it! I especially liked that it's about the relationship between father and daughter and not another lightweight comedy.
Jazz and Tia we love you!
The story is about Jazz and Tia’s life, Jazz role is played by Saif Ali Khan and Alaya played the role of Tia who is the daughter of Jazz. But guess what for 21 years, Jazz was not aware about any such daughter as the mother is a hippie, the role of the mother is played by Taboo.
brilliant laughter dose







New story
We enjoyed it loads and found it rather touching. Alaya who played the role of Saif’s daughter gave an amazing performance. She is simply superb. The funniest part was when Alaya says there is a 33.333% probability that Saif is her father. I anticipated a light and sweet comedy about a father and daughter.
This is  saif ali khan’s show. Completely nails the role. He is such a treat to watch. What an actor men. This is brizzy light hearted fun film. You’ll enjoy this one for sure




waste of time

No Punches ..boring Movie only Good to see Saif. No role of tabbu. 2nd half is more boring..waste of money..not enjoyed at all...


Movie is made for Quality people only, Saif look acting is very stunning, natural & no one can bore for single minute when watch this movie.
A Really Funny, Entertaining and Heart Touching Story
A lot of credit goes to Pooja entertainment for their excellent marketing strategy and positioning of film which created a curiosity to bring all age group audiences to the theatre. I have seen the movie just now with my wife, she was thrilled to such a story. She never expected so much in one film. Good Job Team Jawaani Jaaneman.
. nI enjoyed the movie very much. I found it to be a lovely movie! Fantastic performance by Saif Ali Khan, Tabu, Alaya F, Kubbra Sait, Chunky Pandey, Kumud Mishra,Rameet Sandhu,Farida Jalal and Kiku Sharda. Nitin Kakkar you rocked my man! Love you guys(10/10)
It has almost all the aspect which is expected from a Hindi commercial movie, like comedy, relations, and sentiments. Overall it is a heart touching movie with lots of Comedy and Entertainment. So I loved this movie. I loved the roles played by Saif Ali Khan and I missed my father.
The movie is very well made and so entertaining. It has a strong message too which was told in a light and refreshing way. The acting is strong with Saif stealing the show. The debutante Alaya is excellent. A must watch
wow










#nice #supermovies2020 #saif #khan #ratinghit Jawaani Jaaneman is funnछाई सैफ अली खान की ब्लॉकबस्टर कॉमेडी,nnStory: 40-year-old Jaswinder Singh aka Jazz (Saif Ali Khan) is basically Dilfenk, a runaway from the commitments. He considers marriage, children and his responsibility as the biggest obstacle to his freedom. This is the reason why despite being parents and brother-in-law, he remains alone.
Saif plays a man in his late 40s, who refuses to grow up despite after his realization that he got a 21-year-old daughter. Perfect casting of Alaya - Alaya has all the qualities for the young lead, the charm, and energy to take the film to the level that it needs.  The duo is simply superb. A must watch for everyone.

The storyline is tight. Director Nitin Kakkar did justice with the story. As far as I'm concerned, this movie gives us the perfect 'time out' from the daily grind. It's sweet, charming, and has a fine cast. Shot in London, the movie capture the Indian Diaspora in the EU subcontinent. It is a must-watch for every Bollywood lover in the world. Love you Saif!!



Great direction. Mind-Blowing Music ..having Good star-cast with their Acting Skills...All casts are in their best and role is totally justified. Manoj Kumar Khatoi’s cinematography is commendable.



i love this movie alot me and my frnd enjoyed it couldn't get eyes off the screen after so long time i washed a goof movie love this love this aloott

Excellent direction wonderful acting





Its a waste of time




The movie is all about father daughter duo. Saif is the same guy he was in happy ending and cocktail, full of energy and liveliness. Alaya is just stunning. It doesn’t feel like it’s her first movie. She has done a tremendous job.








Movie is a huge disappointment.

Decent movie. One time watch. But can be seen at home too. Overall if you are bored with life go watch it for a little entertainment and to see beautiful london. Pooja bedis daughter is looking good and has acted well. Seems promising.

lsfhjkjnshdundhddidjxfjiffjjfufhfhfuffhddudhdhdudjdhddudjududjdjdjdudhdhdhdjjdjdjdjdjdidjdjrjrjdjdjdjdeuieeujrhrrhdhdhdjdhhdhdhdhddhdhddhddhdjdhhdhdhdhdj
Avant-garde
This movie has something different and the comedy is more natural than slap-stick. It is no doubt a very hilarious and entertaining movie. It shows a lot of hard work on the parts of scriptwriting, casting and directing - essential for comedies.  But the roles played by Alaya and Saif.
Avant-garde
This movie has something different and the comedy is more natural than slap-stick. It is no doubt a very hilarious and entertaining movie. It shows a lot of hard work on the parts of scriptwriting, casting and directing - essential for comedies.  But the roles played by Alaya and Saif.
A Funny, Entertaining Movie
Jawaani Jaaneman is about a metrosexual guy, Saif Ali Khan, this can be counted as one of the finest performance as someone who is especially meticulous about his grooming and appearance..

Go for this one! Hope Saif gets a solo hit! Alaya has done some good work.. saif as usual is awesome! Go for this one if you want to get a good time!
The story is about Jazz and Tia’s life, Jazz role is played by Saif Ali Khan and Alaya played the role of Tia who is the daughter of Jazz. But guess what for 21 years, Jazz was not aware about any such daughter as the mother is a hippie, the role of the mother is played by Taboo.


The story is about Jazz and Tia’s life, Jazz role is played by Saif Ali Khan and Alaya played the role of Tia who is the daughter of Jazz. But guess what for 21 years, Jazz was not aware about any such daughter as the mother is a hippie, the role of the mother is played by Taboo.
Wow

Jawaani Jaanman manages to achieve that magical father and daughter relationship, perfect combination of comedy and sentiment. The casting is flawless, and so are the performances. A real gem of a film, one of the year's best.10 by 10

nice
best acting super hit movie must watch nice movie fgfdgddvhxhxhxyv it d to g to shft see u daisies l to do s to h it syg it a to y it q to t Ute u it ayguf Fi Dr cud u furufudufuh vivivi








Saif Ali Khan was good. But his role was same as previous few movies like Love AAj Kal and Cocktail. Story is in one track. Ending could have been better. But I must say Saif Ali Khan is a better actor than Shahrukh and Salman.
importance of Family & relationship. one thing is more Saif's daughter is very beautiful. I don't remember her real name but her acting is Good. one time movie.



cbnnbhnnbvv chi cbnnbhnnbvv chi ngfhbvgnbjj cbnnbhnnbvv chi ngfhbvgnbjj cbnnbhnnbvv chi ngfhbvgnbjj cbnnbhnnbvv chi cbnnbhnnbvv chi ngfhbvgnbjj cbnnbhnnbvv chi ngfhbvgnbjj cbnnbhnnbvv chi ngfhbvgnbjj cbnnbhnnbvv chi cbnnbhnnbvv chi ngfhbvgnbjj cbnnbhnnbvv chi ngfhbvgnbjj cbnnbhnnbvv chi ngfhbvgnbjj
Great direction. Mind-Blowing Music ..having Good starcast with their Acting Skills...All casts are in their best and role is totally justified. Manoj Kumar Khatoi’s cinematography is commendable.
The chemistry of father and daughter is amazing. Since Saif is already father of 3 kids, one can clearly see with his authority for the role. Casting for each and every role is to the point. Nitin Kakkar direction is fantabulous. Each scene is a treat to the eyes and the soul and work done by the editor is amazing. I would say it is a must-watch for everyone.10/10
Great Cast with Great Acting 
Both Saif Ali Khan and Alaya’s performances are outstanding. Three cheers to the young girl,Alaya. She nailed her role. I am sure  Pooja Bedi will be so proud of her. She plays the role of Saif Ali Khan’s daughter.

The story is about Jazz and Tia’s life, Jazz role is played by Saif Ali Khan and Alaya played the role of Tia who is the daughter of Jazz. But guess what for 21 years, Jazz was not aware about any such daughter as the mother is a hippie, the role of the mother is played by Taboo.


The story is about Jazz and Tia’s life, Jazz role is played by Saif Ali Khan and Alaya played the role of Tia who is the daughter of Jazz. But guess what for 21 years, Jazz was not aware of any such daughter as the mother is a hippie, the role of the mother is played by Taboo.







It was ok ok, trailer was better than movie. Saif acting was not as good as portrayed in trailer, story was good. Giving starts only for story.
horrible movie ever watched

You Think you can put masala and comedy together in a pathetic way and present it to audience. NO!!!

This has got to be the finest movie of all time! Bollywood seriously could use more of these! The way characters were played by the actors was really brilliant though the story.
Saif Ali Khan - the name synonymous with urban rom-coms - slips into the role of a trendy, uber-cool, suave and metrosexual guy with elegance. Films such as Kal Ho Naa Ho, Love AAj Kal, Salaam Namaste and Dil Chahta Hai have already consolidated and cemented his status in this genre. That's the prime reason why Jawaani Jaaneman generates curiosity.nnYouth-centric rom-com is deemed as the most dependable genre and Jawaani Jaaneman is no exception. The film is amusing, sharp, witty and contemporary. It does some serious talking as well. The efforts are worth it and the time, well spent. Director Nitin Kakkar handles the subject with utmost maturity and ensures that there are wild-whacky moments aplenty. Being an unconventionally innovative film, Jawaani Jaaneman explores new grounds in terms of story as well as execution. The fresh concept combined with ample twists and turns in the screenplay only ensure that it doesn't stagnate.nnThe marriage of realism with escapism as also form and content is quite evident in Jawaani Jaaneman. There are moments that offer tremendous entertainment. Hussain Dalal (Story) borrows incidents straight from life. Jawaani Jaaneman also works because the characters are so true to life and identifiable that you can't help but relate to the issue. The icing on the cake is, undoubtedly, the execution of the film and the shot compositions. At the onset, the screenplay may give you the feeling that it's all gloss and no soul but Jawaani Jaaneman catches you slowly, but firmly and doesn't leave you till the end. There’s so much happening in the film every minute. A few sequences are unconvincing here and there but the plusses outweigh the minuses in a huge way.nnDirector Nitin Kakkar executes the film with effortless ease, handling a number of sequences with dexterity. Come to think of it, Jawaani Jaaneman is a complex film, which reflects the complexity and intricacies of human relationships. The highpoint of the film is the three sharply defined characters, besides, of course, the styling and visuals. Also, Nitin Kakkar's style of storytelling caters more to the multiplex crowd/elite/big city junta/Overseas audience rather than the aam public/hoi polloi/masses/frontbenchers. The generous usage of English will also restrict its appeal to urban centres. The humour, thankfully, is not of the slapstick variety; it's more subtle and situational. The emotional moments are not heavy either; they percolate unpretentiously. Everything that writers (Hussain Dalal, Abbas Dalal) and director Nitin Kakkar attempt to convey through their characters looks credible and relevant. More significantly, all of this is presented in an entertaining format. But the curse of the second half, which plagues most Hindi films, troubles Jawaani Jaaneman as well. The pace drops and the film starts to meander towards predictability. The second hour is half as exciting as the first. Unmemorable songs, an over-stretched story and the lethargic pacing ail the film.nnIt would be blasphemous to ignore the styling of the characters in Jawaani Jaaneman. Graceful designs dictate the wardrobes of the lead actors, which not only seizes your attention but also takes fashion trends frontward. Ketan Sodha's background score is classy and effectual. Manoj Kumar Khatoi's cinematography gives the film the international feel. In fact, the film has several stunning visuals. The dialogue (Hussain Dalal, Abbas Dalal) seem straight out of real-life but are wicked at times too.nnPriyata Dixit casting is inch-perfect. Saif Ali Khan has that knack for rom-coms. He fits into his character fluently and leaves a deep-seated impression. He is outstanding in both emotional and light moments. The actor has worked hard on his looks and physique and looks smashing all through. The real scene-stealer is, without doubt, Alaya F, who not only looks sizzling hot but pitches in a confident performance. She lets herself loose, surrenders to her character wholly and nails the performance. It's an incredibly noticeable act. Tabu is in terrific form, portraying the role with gusto but she barely has any screen time or real purpose in the narrative. Kubbra Sait appears very confident and performance-wise, she is spot on. In fact, her character is fleshed out very well and with her performance, she makes it even more special. This is yet another feather in her cap! Farida Jalal, Chunky Panday and Kumud Mishra contribute so much to their sequences. They are super-efficient, as always.nnOn the whole, Jawaani Jaaneman has a single-point plan of engaging and amusing the spectators. Although the second half is not as tempting or intoxicating as the first hour. It pales when compared to the attention-grabbing first hour. Yet, all said and done, Jawaani Jaaneman is an immensely likeable film that should appeal mainly its target audience -- the youth. Go for it!
Movie is very slow. Not as comical as expected or as marketed. Saif is looking good. Tabu role is chopped to minimal. Was expecting more sequence between Tabu and Saif.
Pathetic movie

Intelligent, Emotional But not Brilliant. Swad Nahin AAya. :(

no story line. absolute waste of money
watching this movie means wasting our valueable time... saif ali khan was good with his acting but was unable to impress...


waste of time movie




poor...



Saif Ali Khan takes jibes at middle age head on, Alaya F makes assured debut.
...Read full review


Saif steals the show in this quirky comedy.
...Read full review


Given its Modern Familyesque tilt, Saif Ali Khan, Tabu and Alaya F starrer Jawaani Jaaneman seems poised to score well with the old-in-the-tooth as well as the young at heart city slickers!
...Read full review


Much of the films strength is Saifs sharp timing, and his ability to mature convincingly when the time comes.
...Read full review


Saif Ali Khan sure to make your heart go `Ole Ole`, Alaya F shows tremendous potential.
...Read full review


Saif Ali Khan brings the house down, debutante Alay F excels in fun entertainer.
...Read full review


Saif Ali Khan takes jibes at middle age head on, Alaya F makes assured debut.
...Read full review


This Saif-Alaya F Modernity Is A Jaaneman Of A Film!
...Read full review


Summing up, the well-acted and well-crafted Jawaani Jaaneman is a light-hearted treatise on owning up to lifes responsibilities. This frothy comedy is total paisa vasool indeed.
...Read full review


Saif Ali Khan brings great charm to his role. Alaya Furniturewalla is wonderfully cast.
...Read full review


Right Up Saif`s Alley
...Read full review


Saif Ali Khan`s Swag Makes Your Heart Go `Ole Ole`.
...Read full review


Charming slice of modern family
...Read full review

