The film was decent, definitely not AS bad as the agenda-driven marketing/media made it seem. it's a shame that the marketing destroyed any chance this film had...

Mind you, it is decent, not great.
The action scenes were above average.  Acting was average.  Story line routine.
My kids loved it. I will say that it wasn’t as bad as everyone made it out to be.
Todos deberían darle una oportunidad a esta película, es simplemente increíble y pasaran un buen rato a lado de esta hilarante historia.
I love this character and the special effects stunts were off the chain but the story could have been better
Boring and awkwardly paced. Not a fan of going back in forth in time to tell a story. Lots of that here.
very entertaining but there comes a point where you don't know if it's in the past or present of the movi
Reminded me of the old batman tv series.  Totally tongue in cheek without all the 'pows' and such.  This is a kind of movie that allows you to completely and utterly escape into fantasy land and forget about all your worries as long as you don't take this film, or yourself too seriously.  Good cast, good fun and lots of laughs.
I absolutely loved it, it’s exiting and thrilling to see women kick some ass!! I 100% recommend everyone to watch this movie.
Loved the movie!! Harley rocked
Movie was great but the seats didnt recline for the imax like usually
This movie was a blast. I loved seeing fresh takes on some of my favorite characters. The non-linear storytelling was chaotic enough to replicate the mindset of the characters without taking you out of the experience. The only problem I had with it was the overuse of songs instead of a score. Really a lot of fun, though.
Awesome movie! Margot Robbie is such a great actress and she is as good as ever in this. She is definitely the best part of this movie she does a spectacular performance. Most of the action is very well shot with one shots and not annoying cuts, you can really tell what's going on most of the time. And Harley herself is just so terrifyingly badass I can't help but love this movie. I liked the cinematography and the plot was simple but I didn't mind just watching Harley beat ass the whole time sometimes at the expense of a better plot. The other "birds of prey" are also very great actresses with great performances and I like all of the characters with one exception. However despite all this the movie is not without flaw. The most glaring flaw is I felt that the actress playing Cassandra, the pick pocket girl, did a very poor job acting. Whenever she was onscreen (which is a lot) I couldn't help but cringe with her bad performance. It really is too bad because she spends a lot of time onscreen with Margot who is just killing it, but whenever they are together her flaws are more prevalent than Robbie's perfection. Also, while most of the action is well shot, there are a few action sequences and fight choreography I couldn't help but scoph at. Some fight moves are just cheesy and there is a fight at the end which was just silly. I also thought Ewan McGregor does a great job with the villain, despite not being given much of a character to work with. So for all the movies flaws, it's still super entertaining and awesome to watch Harley Quinn be a badass, which is what this movie is all about. I give Birds of Prey an A-.
the movie is only harley quin... the rest of womans is only an accesory... this ins´t birds of prey
Was OK. Don’t think I would watch it again.
I expected more is all I can say. It was a fun movie to watch however.
AMAZING GO SEE IT LIKE RN YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT  !!!! GO GO GO GO GO
A horrible mess.  No plot.  No motivation for the villain.   I wonder why Mary Elizabeth Winstead took this role.  Complete waste of a talented actress.
Great, It was a kickass movie which was what I wanted
It was just ok I almost fell asleep in some parts...
What a film it just made me smile from start to finish
DC made a comic book movie for people who dont like comic books... a script written by someone who thinks comic books are low brow... hence a mess of a movie that should have been called HarleyandFriends
Loved it. Full of humor and great action! Love the whole group. 
Smart, funny, perfectly cast, amazing fight/action scenes.
Two words: BIRD SHIT
Shoves it's humor down your throat.
Cartoon come to life, plenty of stunt work, my husband liked it.
I honestly didn't expect much from a Suicide Squad spin-off, and I was even more dubious when they spun Birds of Prey into "The Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn," but there was a lot of good spin about it, and I had to give it a chance.  

And I'm sorry, but it was just...bland.  Maybe if they'd had a stronger starting point, instead of trying to build off the disaster that was Suicide Squad, they could have gone somewhere, but it felt like a half-conceived idea at best.  One part overacting in an attempt to squeeze emotional reactions out of us, and one part scripted "And now [CHARACTER] is EMPOWERED and EXCITING for REASONS WE DO NOT NEED TO DISCUSS."  

Not the worst thing I've ever seen, but it feels like they tried to do too much with too little.  I wish they'd given Harley a movie or two to build up some decent character development before diving into this.  And no, Suicide Squad doesn't count.
Starts out well enough but ultimately falls prey to the same overwrought, soulless action violence that plagues most comic book movies. 
The movie was just as I expected maybe even more  fight scenes were on point story line a little confusing but makes sense at the end  all in all good movie worth the watch
Fantastic cast. Outstanding action sequences.
Already a contestant for worst movie of the year.  I couldn't wait for it to end.  I really felt it was thrown together in a couple weeks.
Loved it, it was so fun and the cast was fantastic. Thank goodness they were able to break away from suicide squad and make something worthy of Harley Quinn!
For all of those that think this is a good or great movie your needing some serious , serious and I do serious help. Seriously this was horrible , I am not sure why any of these so called critics giving these kind of ratings , I can't believe they are doing this consciously with a added paycheck , if so then I understand all in the name of the dollar , you have to your pockets full . but to the movie , the movie Sucked , completely Horrible truly Horrible , I truly enjoy movies but this , this was a complete waste of time and talent . DC /Warner's bro crap why bother ......PS I hope Parasite , 1917 and even the  joker win big Tonite !!!!!!
Love Harley Quinn 💗💗 The Movie is really Doug her justice !
Entertaining, but a bit long and it felt like it tried too hard to be quirky.
Pacing was a little odd in the first half and the dialogue is a little clunky at time, but holy crap -- this flick is so much fun!
It has no plot. It’s mostly Harley Quinn talking about the other ladies’ back stories. This movies has ruined Harley Quinn’s image as a character because as she had none of her likability and traits that made her soo much fun to watch in suicide squad. Very disappointed that DC screwed up an all female superhero/villain movie. I can’t believe this film even made it to theaters it was that shitty.
I liked the fighting scenes in the movie. And especially the soundtrack it fit the movie Birds Of Prey so well.
I loved the storyline. Great acting, the action! It didn’t let me down!
My teenage sons saw it & loved it.
It sucked ass . Fighting was the same in every scene . Nothing compared to the marvel movies . Come on dc universe y’all slacking ! Black widow would have whooped Harley Quinn’s ass in “this movie “.
This movie was absolutely amazing I absolutely loved it so good I thought it would be bad but wow wayyy better than Suicide squad and probably one of the best dc movies I definitely recommend this and this deserves an A 
It was a good movie for what it was. Tons of back and for the in the plot line. It felt SUPER long and drawn out. Fight sense where really good. CGI was very well done.
This movie is a great watch for any new 52 Harley fans!!! The soundtrack is amazing, the acting is SPECTACULAR, and the costuming is genius! The writer of this movie really captures the Harley we know and love, and it felt like watching a comic book come to life on screen. Everyone should watch it, it is truly a spectacle!!
The story is good, the performance of the entire cast and the special effects are good too. But the only thing that I did not like or I saw very exaggerated was that a girl in the group took some powers as type X man or with super powers.
I liked the movie and I recommend it as a good option to go see it at the theater if you like action movies.
100% Because. This Movie has a good ending. Wonderful Movie. Keep it up
Absolutely fantastic. A wild and entertaining ride from start to finish. I've never seen a movie filled with so much fun and colour.
It's definitely more of a Harley Quinn movie featuring the Birds of Prey, but its still fun. Yes, the men in the film are evil/the main villains, but the film still has women in evil/atagonistic roles. I mean for God's sake, Harley still does commit crimes in the film, even if she is the main character. I mean, the whole police station raid scene is her injuring cops....come on, that's evil. She even calls them piggy. This movie isn't "woke". C'mon, the setting of the film is GOTHAM F**KING CITY. The most crime ridden city in DC Comics. You cant have a film in Gotham City that has nice people living in it. That's not Gotham. 

The only main complaint i have is that Black Mask's storyline has an ending that (no spoilers) I'm not happy with. I wish they would've handled it much differently. I also wish Ali Wong had a different role to play, or even a much larger one.
Filme fantabulosamente impecável e divertido do inicio ao fim !
Todo o elenco da um show, direção majestosa e roteiro polido e criativo.
Very stylish and colorful. Direction could have helped a bit. Sonec scenes of blood and gore were a bit much. Definitely could have afforded to of push one way or the other: Either go full-on camp or go darker and change the ratings. There are some scenes in there that are unacceptable for a preteen, and let's face it that's who you're looking to get into the theaters. The movie was certainly good enough to hold up on its own without some of the more disturbing gore.
Loved this movie. Definitely worth the time to go see it
As if attempting to make Harley a major heroin will get her into the DC intro. However, nothing off about everything else provided in this Quinn take. It's heroic enough.
Fabulous movie!   I wasn't sure what to expect and I was pleasantly surprised, was just a great entertaining movie.
not worth even seeing... didn't even compare to suicide squad which wasnt good either
Great Cast! Great Writing! Great Action! DC has a Win!
Slow start.  To much jumping back and forth in the timeline of the movie.   It all came together when you finally saw a focus about a third through the movie.  The last 40 minutes was worth waiting for.
its an all fun adventure introducing the birds of prey on big screen and making harley quinn a heroine now.
The end wasnt good at all
typical DC disappointment... whoever did wonder woman needs to do all of DC's films
A descent movie,  nothing spectacular
Loved the all female heroine cast!
A little slow in parts, but overall enjoyed the movie.
No real story.  All over the place.  Took the best thing (and only good thing) from Suicide Squad and ruined that as well.  Kept looking at my watch the whole time. I had such high hopes for this.  Ah well.
Incredibly fun, black comedy filled romp with great action.
Wow, I must say birds of prey was pretty stunning to tell you the truth. Seems like the film wasn’t so bad after all. I can tell lots of people really loved it. I download the birds of prey soundtrack, part of it that is. My favorite song in the film was Experiments on Me that was sung by Haley. However there was some adult language in it and there was a good amount of crime scenes that sort of got everyone the jumps and all that. To tell you the truth, this movie is mostly for adults, not children. I think I’m going to borrow the film at a library rather than buying at a store when the film is on dvd and Blu Ray later this year.
Violent and fun, Harley Quinn takes center stage as the Deadpool of the DC film universe!
It was a good movie, there were no boring points, the ending was kinda rushed, like if they wanted to just finish up the story already
I wish I wait to see it on Netflix
The action performances are great. The synergy of the female team is awesome. And the soundtrack helps the movie a lot by bridging the atmosphere of the scene to the audience.
Despite some character inaccuracies the movie managed to carry itself in a fun, lighthearted manner. There was never a dull moment with Harley in it, I have no doubts In saying that  I would definitely watch it again. That being said, there could have been more focus on the other characters (as it is titled birds of prey) and/or titled differently; perhaps "Harley Quinn and the birds of prey." Overall it's a fun, comedic tale narrated by Harley herself, so expect a lot of goofy, mental nonsense! (In a good way)
I thought there would be a little more action.  Loved the story line.  Great way to pull in Huntress and Black Canery
The whole movie was about a egg sandwich. what??
Action was ok, parts were funny, it was just an ok movie.
Waste of time and money super tacky
Hilarious, colorful, and fun. Margot and Ewan are so entertaining.
Not a bad movie but also not a great movie. I was looking forward to this movie and it just feels like it fell short. Margo Robbie and Ewen McGregor save a lot of the film with their stellar acting.
Amazing cast, great action, actually good story

4th wall, candy infused nonsense
Was a little all over the place, Robbie plays a good Harley at the end of the day though. 
Was fun and hilarious..had a good time Margot Robbie is great as Harley Quinn! 
If you like Joker movies... you will like this.
it was awful. 1st of all followed no actually comic story line. the actors/actresses I liked but the story sucked. the action was mild at best and just like the rest of DC FILMS IT WAS A LET DOWN. the last good movie was man of steel. maybe disney should buy DC and make it better. the narrating by quin was funny. I like the jokes and the rawness of harleys quins breakup and downfall but not enough to save the film
Didnt go in expecting much from this movie. Turns out it was a pleasant surprise. It's a fun, if a bit messy, movie with good cast work. Ewan McGregor as Black Mask was a delight. All in all, an entertainint if not somewhat shaggy movie that probably didnt need to be R-rated. 
Colorful, zany, fun. The characters were fleshed out, the costumes spectacular, and the soundtrack so on point. Must see.
I like all the action such as the fighting scene and heroic stuff in this sequel movie Birds Of Prey
Definitely a step above suicide squad. A fun movie but nothing that blew me out of the water.
I love the fact that this is a strong girl power movie. You get a back story of Harley Quinn on her own without the joker. Awesome action and humor throughout the entire movie and if you are a huge, obsessed fan like me, definitely go see it.
Try to copy Deadpool? At that moment I realized that things were going to go wrong, breaking the fourth wall, trying to tell absurd jokes, animation effects, the style of fine credits, explaining the story in flashbacks while explaining in voiceover, I It has cost horrors to connect with the movie, it's like trying to make a canon of other movies, to get it to have its own style. The aesthetics of the suits nothing to do, lacks the canon to the comics and does not appropriate the movie, the only good thing about the Clown-criminal roll and the interpretation and love of Margot Robbie towards Harley Quinn is exceptional ... I don't think a sequel to this franchise is necessary but to each his saint, everything will depend on the collection, to end Warner if this is your Universe I would worry a lot about WW84.
There was no storyline just killing. It was a great disappointment after Suicide Squad and Harley Quinn in that movie!
It was an awesome movie! Girl Power! But only a little funny.
too cutsy.  same action over and over  villain too vicious for this tongue in cheek comedy.     but margo saved the film
This movie is a non-stop roller coaster ride of goodness. 100% fun!!! 🤣🤣😆😁😉🤣😜🤣✨✨✨✨🙌👍👍
Love Margot... but this movie was a let down.
Definitely not for kids as there is tons of violence, swearing and well Harley Quinn. This would be a version of seeing Deadpool for DC. Ironically some scenes feel like it came from Deadpool but if you know the character of Harley Quinn - she is female villain version without any powers. Its a really good DC Movie. It has some missed points but overall fun to watch.
Was a great movie!! Love Harley Quinn!!
Thought it was too long and the beginning was confusing. Liked the young girl, the action, and strong female characters.
very entertaining, with a great soundtrack, lots of fun moments and Margot Robbie was excellent as HQ. will gladly see a sequel
Worst movie I've seen in a while. super disappointed with this one.
Enjoyed the movie. The fight scenes are pretty awesome. Black canary and huntress were hidden gems of the movie. 
Adult humor, entertaining, comic book accurate for how world is viewed through Harley Quinn’s  eyes, and a little bit of heart in the story.
If you have young daughters and don’t mind salty language, they will love it. If your a male superhero fan, this movie was not made for you. Besides Harley, the rest of the characters are fairly obscure, and they don’t  mention other hero’s or have cameos.  My kid loved it, I’m glad I saw it, but I’d never go out of my way to see it again.....and I saw justice league like 50 times
Feel sorry about wasted time
Awesome movie! Loved all the action!
Such a fun movie! I absolutely loved this stand alone movie, Margot Robbie is the perfect Harley 3
Style points for different, but overall plot met standard formula expectations.
Awesome!! Deliciously DC Dark as we like it and full of everything we love about Harley Quinn. CRAZY but intellectual, cool, moody, fearless and totally take names and kick a$$. The whole 2nd half is a WILD ride. Great soundtrack throughout.
Loved it!! Action packed, girl power !! I will watch it again!!
Loved the movie! Me and my husband got so into it !
Wish the joker would've popped out
There were so many missed opportunities in this movie. The editing was lackluster. The script felt like an earlier draft of what could have been a phenomenal movie. Acting was pretty good from the female cast, not so much from the male cast. The women of color characters felt poorly developed. Overall, a disappointment after Suicide Squad.
A action comedy the star carried the film with her bizarre behavior, she has become the character.
everything i wanted and more than i expected
Loved it! Everything from the badass action, the bright and vibrant use of colour and the killer soundtrack had me entertained all the way through my only negative is that the film actually ended
Wish the story line was better
Tried to be a Deadpool and failed miserably. Dont waste your money.
Fun and feminist in a clever way
Didnt have super high expectations going in but really enjoyed BOP for the most part. The beginnings introductions are a little ham-fisted and seem to take up at least half of the movie but the action and humor throughout those segments is enough to keep your eyes on the screen. And once the movie gets past a lot of the introductory nonsense, and by that point onto act 3, it hits its stride and is a well balanced blend of humor and unique and well-choreographed action. Night and day compared to the tragedy that was Suicide Squad. So, it may not win any Oscars but its totally worth the price of admission if you're into this sort of thing already.
Worst DC movie ever! Waste of money! And waste of my time!
A DC comic book movie about girl power in Gotham City? Um yes sign me up! Saw Birds of Prey last night, it was a cool movie, 8/10 for me. It had some pros and cons though: (Minor spoilers) Pros: - Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn, no one can play this role as good as she can! Like RDJ is to Iron Man this girl made this role HERS. She narrates the entire movie which was a cool touch. -The action, man the stunts in this movie are awesome! All the fight scenes and chasing cars on roller blades was directed and displayed amazingly. The other actresses seriously kick butt as well. It was reported that all the girls did the majority of their own stunts so props to them! - Girl Power, this movie was directed by a female, written by another female and features a whole TEAM of females as the focus, something no comic book movie has done. As a female it was great to see some girl power represented, even if Harley Quinn isn’t exactly the best role model. -The laughs and freaking Obi Wan as the villain! Ewan McGregor had some hilarious parts that made me laugh and yet he was so creepy as the villain, I thought the casting was great for him. The other girls including Harley Quinn had some funny moments although it was not as hilarious as Suicide Squad was. Cons: - The R rating, this movie isn’t making a lot of money because the majority of Harley Quinn fans are young girls and this movie ISN’T for kids. A movie like the Joker deserved an R rating but this movie didn’t and should of been PG-13. Throwing in F words and blood splatters doesn’t mean you got more creative, if anything it made it look less intelligent. -The storyline, Harley Quinn narrates the film and then stops and realizes she’s telling the story out of order in which the audience gets confused. In fact the plot is harder to follow than Suicide Squad in a sense that you don’t really know what’s going out because you watched scenes out of order. -The Birds, Black Canary, Huntress and the gang are not as cool as Harley Quinn and get overshadowed the whole film (Huntress had total potential but is hardly in the movie). The young teenager Cassandra Cain isn’t a good actress and is really annoying, not very likable. -No Joker or Batman, okay I know a lot of people don’t like Jared Leto as the Joker but he’s mentioned like a hundred times in the film and yet never appears. Old shots of Suicide Squad are shown where you see the back of his head but never any new scenes. This decision to make them break up for good sucked for all those who wanted to see him as the Joker again and a slap in the face to Jared Leto. Also Batman is never shown or seen which doesn’t quite make sense when Gotham needed him, but I guess the girls did take care of it😉
This movie was amazing!
When you are watching think that you are watching the story within Harley Quinn's mad mind... The action starts to get better at almost the end of the movie....
This movie doesnt deserve to bomb - it was fun and honestly one of the better DC movies
I thought it was a good introduction of the birds characters, but the time jumps seem chaotic which may be because it's from Harley's point of view. overall a fun movie.
Perfect. Wouldn’t change a thing. 
I wasnt expecting much tbh, but I was wrong!! The storyline was great and held together better than expected. It's a movie about comic book characters so it's not oscar worthy or going to change your life in anyway. BUT it is colorful, entertaining and fun (that's why I go to the movies!!) I loved the soundtrack and the way the characters were introduced and their history explained, kind of reminded me of Tarantino (??maybe..idk..I don't follow directors I list know I've seen similar directing &love it) Go see it, it's fun. Also I don't feel like the R rating was justified?? I took my 15 yrs old and there wasnt anything he hasn't seen before!!
Фильм восхитителен! Персонажи (в том числе и злодеи), вкупе со всей своей придурковатостью, крайне харизматичные и интересные. Марго Робби, как, впрочем, и остальные актрисы, справилась со своей работой на все 100. Герои живые, их взаимоотношения чувствуются. Экшен достоин отдельных похвал. Стилистика фильма... Ох, о ней сложно говорить что-либо, она просто пострясна! Этот фильм безбашенный, странный, но в этом его притягательность
Couldn’t keep my eyes off the screen, and I think I had a smile on my face the whole movie. Harley is hilarious
did not meet my expectations
stayed true to character and introduced new ones true to the comics
I thought that the best parts were all in the trailer.  It wasn't terrible but I expected better.  I even went into the movie expecting that I might be disappointed for this very reason.  I wanted to like it more, and it was okay, but it had a bit of wasted potential.
Not funny, bad acting, and outside of Harley Quinn - no character development.
Loved it! Great movie definitely recommend it!!
It is a great way to pass the time while watching entertaining and mostly well executed fighting. I think it was falsely advertised as Harley Quin movie but its really an origin movie for the birds of prey. Here are two things to ignore that will make the movie better. First Harley Quin walks around town the whole movie without a disguise and even after her secret is out no one can find her even in public places like a grocery store. Second, the men that run into a scene and instead of just attacking they move to their mark and wait to get punched.
So far people either love this movie or hate it. I just went in with no expectations and had fun. Its a Rated R comic book movie with action and humor, no sex or nude scenes. I think this movie will have a cult following in the future.
There was plenty of action, but story line itself was almost non-existent.  It was disconnected, many loose ends never got tied up.  The Dark Knight was far more vulnerable than Harley.  She gets hit a couple times and quickly jumps back.  Where the Dark Knight gets hit and you can tell it hurts him.  The introduction of the Huntress had promise and fell way short when this person taking out the Gotham mafia ultimately has the maturity of about a 12 year old and she was clearly out of her element and insecure around other women.  This is yet another bust for DC.
If Deadpool and Kill Bill had a baby it would be Birds of Prey! Go see it! It’s a lot of fun! 
Loved it! After a few failed films previously done by DC I was skeptical for this one. But I love Harley Quinn and wanted to give it a shot. I wasn’t disappointed. It was awesome seeing an all BADASS female “crew” kick ass! Perhaps they should let female producers, produce a lot more often. Only down side of the movie was the fact that it was Rated-R :(
Less than awesome acting and poor beginning. The only DC movies worth a watch have been Wonder Woman and Shazzam!
Amazing stunts and effects! Loved it!
Liked the aimed-for girl power vibe, but there were too many unnecessary vulgar parts. A lot of unnecessary F-bombs, with no real context behind them, and the raw nature of people being assaulted and humiliated was disturbing. Are we that desensitized as an audience that we should not be bothered by this? It was a disappointment on a movie that could have been made into a more positive role model for young girls.
I was surprised at how good this movie is. I laughed throughout the move, and the action was amazing
I LOVED IT. Most accurate comic book film to date.
Black Canary was awesome and done well!! Harley was perfect and had me with the choreography and 4th wall breaking. Black Mask was a true and believable villain with VZ at his side but wish his out come was better. loved the movie and grit! Hope to get more movies like this from Marvel as. well
The movie was Amazing and it was a great than Suicide Squad. Acting was amazing and the Visual effects with the lite little Story.
Fight scenes were amazing and funny.
I absolutely love that they used a lot from the comics! Theres a lot of Easter Eggs in it! I would go see again, again, and again!
Entertaining and fun to watch!
The storyline seemed somewhat predictable. At some point in the action scenes, they invoked flashbacks to the Charlies angels movie with Cameron Dias. The villain and dialogue was somewhat corny.  All in all it wasnt a bad movie for a character whos always been in a supporting role to the main DC superhero/villain.
The plot was eh. The villain was horribly written.
I enjoyed the movie. I do feel like some of the characters weren't properly utilized.
Funny action packed movie with strong acting. And a break storyline
I was hoping for a lot more out of this movie and was frustrated how disappointed I was. Terrible characters and writing.
Eh, DC still hasn’t pushed the envelope.
It was very disappointing. Terrible characters and writing. The action was oddly inconsistent as well. Some scenes were awesome and other ones were just terrible in comparison. The end battle is a waste of the audience's time. Its just frustratingly disappointing.
I love the movies n would like to see a part 2 to this.
Just too campy, too violently humorous, maybe teens  will like it
It was great. A lot of fun! Husband and I both loved it!
A lot of the lines were cheesy. Really Margot robie made it.  Very disappointed. Waited long for this movie
I loved the action and pace of the film.  The women were great in their characters.  Villain could’ve been a lot better especially from a great actor portraying the role. The film could’ve been longer, felt it was too short. Overall the film was entertaining and good.
Just simple fun, lot of action, hope to see more from this group
Disappointing. Very stupid and choppy plot that jumps around in time. Outside of the Harley Quinn character all others are bad and poorly acted and their contribution to the plot is debatable. Fight scenes are fair and some of the action sequences just miss.  Wait for it to show free on one of the lessor watched network.
Action packed and full of laughs.
I don’t think the trailers did the movie justice. Since I knew most of the characters it was very easy to get into the movie and just have fun. The action was really great and Margot Robbie sells you on the Harley character.  Black Mask was funny and the craziest I ever seen him. Mary Elizabeth Winstead was awesome!! Jurnee Smollet-Bell character was just as amazing. Rosie Perez was wonderful and I loved her character, and Ella Jay Basco was great! If they continue with these characters I would love to see what comes next and if they will encounter their DC counter parts. Overall it’s a really fun movie. I’m really glad I gave it a shot.
The rating should be only adults
Its a awesome action/comedy DC movie. It took place after Suicide Squad. I laughed and all the crazy action. Margot Robbie made a best returning of Harley Quinn! I always enjoyed it!
It was fun and action packed and gave great backstory on all the characters. Funny and enjoyable.
Margo Robbie was outstanding. Action is nonstop
This is just such a fun movie. I can see the flaws and reason why some people didn't like it but it's just so much god damn fun. It's so refreshing to see some bad ass ladies on screen and I want MORE. Thank you to Margot Robbie and Cathy Yan for giving us girls a really cool inspiring movie.
Amazing. Action-packed and funny
It was good! They went the funny and badass route, I loved that they showed real strong female characters and that Harley rose above it all! And the outfits!!!!! TO DIE FOR! Cant wait to buy it in blue ray!
Really great movie, Margot Robbie is such a perfect Harley Quinn!
It' awesome. Even for ones who have no idea about the characters (as my friends I went with). It's as title says, fantabulous.
Birds of Prey finally does Harley justice. There were multiple laugh out loud moments that, mixed with the well choreographed action sequences made for one of the most entertaining times in the theatre in recent memory.
It was ok. Nothing really great
Storyline was slow to get going, and seemed choppy at times. Action was moderate, but Harley Quinn gets beat up a lot throughout the movie.
What a great time to be a woman! The fight scenes are A1!!
This film had so much potential.  At times I was "oh I forgot we were in a flashback"  TO "Ok now it's going to take off" TO "What?   
And knowing that a woman wrote the scene where Sionis makes the laughing women dance and take off her dress actually Made me sick....
The team of misfit women was a great idea But we wait took long
No male gaze.
Two hours of horrific leg injuries and hilarious humor.
Its Tank Girl + Snatch!
The movie was predictable, most of the jokes fell flat, and the action scenes were boring and unrealistic. Disappointing in every way
Really did not like it. Kinda of boring. 
Entertaining flick !!!
Loved movie.. Harley Quinn embodies our inner female
do much comedy. movie is all over the road 
Really love Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn, and thats is where the good ends. The motivations, the plot are missing, and every main character is a small faction of there original selfs and filled in with ideas from the writers, which makes em feel one-dimensional and takes away from the good comic characters.

Overall It was boring, full of hollow action, and stupid decisions.
9/10 acting
8/10 story plot
10/10 would watch again
10/10 Visual
11/10 actions
The movie started a little slow with all the back-story material, but picked up steam toward the end. The soundtrack was fantastic and really complimented all the action scenes in the 2nd half. All in all, a solid B+ and a fun movie outing.
This movie is exactly what it should be. Go see it!
It didn't seem long enough.
Birds of prey in my opinion is better than what the critics are saying about it. Its action packed from being to end.
I’ll just say, Margot Robbie was absolutely amazing. With, of course, along side with the other actresses and actors. It was an outstanding movie!
Story structure could have been better. Hood Movie overall
The movie was all over the place, with nothing to recommend it. The Birds of Prey don't even get together until near the end of the movie. Not worth the price of admission.
Harley Quinn gets her own act together.
Way better than the previews showed. Alot of movies gives everything away in previews and isnt worth watching . This movie was action packed and funny. I'll watch it again.
Unfortunately, the movie oscelated between boring to violent frequently. It wasn't as fun as i hoped.
Movie didn't know who its audience was.  Was frustrating because it was almost good.  Scattershot.  No emotional depth at all.
Loved it - really funny and lots of action - we need more Harley Quinn - look for the Bernie Sanders joke - cannot wait to see it again!
While not perfect, this is still a really fun movie that I'd recommend seeing.
It was an overall good movie.. just lackluster.
Amazing, I gonna watch again
This movie was awesome! I checked Google to find out if there was a scene in the middle of the credits or after. It said there's not, but there's some mysterious thing at the end, so I stayed. There is definitely something at the end. I'm not supposed to tell, so I won't. Just yesterday me when I tell you it's worth waiting. The credits aren't that long, especially for a big budget film! This movie has a lot of great fighting and a feasible plot, as far as DC plots can be.... In fact, there's less super powers being used than one would expect, but I feel like it makes the whole thing more realistic. Also, there's quite a bit of humor too. I laughed more than usual for a super hero movie. I would definitely pay to see at theater again!!! 🤗🤗🤗
Action scenes were actually good, a lot of good parts in the movie but collectively didnt really work for me. If your a big fan of Harley you may want to run out and see it but for others its worth a rent or a watch on HBO.
Fast-paced, funny, original...with just enough social messaging to keep it interesting!
O filme tem algumas cenas desnecessárias em algumas partes do filme mas o filme tem uma boa estética a Margot Robbie faz uma atuação incrível e as outras também são muito boas o filme consegue ser muito bom mesmo com as cenas desnecessários
I was really looking forward to this movie and after 10 minutes realized I was in for a long evening. This movie is terrible. I wish I could point to something they did right but I can't. Even Ewan McGregor seemed to be over acting, the casting was rotten, the script was rotten and to say I was disappointed is an understatement. I honestly have no idea how it is trending so high on rotten tomatoes.
Birds Of Prey is a whole lot of fun, glitz, and glam! Probably DCEU's most humor-filled entry. This is what Suicide Squad (2016) should've been. Robbie and the whole squad kicked ass with stunning fight sequences. Yan's first take on a big-budget studio film is absolutely impressive.
It was action-packed and funny. I’m a huge fan of Harley Quinn so I loved being able to see her fight without the joker.
Total rubbish!  Birds of prey was a well wasted chance to make a movie for a great character.
I love the whole movie. Harley quinn was hillarious.
Silly plot, seemed to be all over the place at times. Was ok but not as good as anticipated
Good movie. Had some scenes that were a little dull but overall was a really good movie.
Terrible fight sequences, dull action and a plot that is all over the place.
I think the movie was great but honestly I really loved the music! It made me want to download the album for the movie.
I enjoyed this entire movie from start to finish. Yes, I know the characters aren't exactly like their comic counterparts, but to me that's okay. I'd rather have their names out there so that maybe more people will go find the comics and learn about the other versions of the characters. But back to the film: the action sequences, especially the holding cell scene (WHAT A SCENE), were so amazingly executed and shot with perfect music choices for each of them. Honestly, just everything about this movie was so good and just downright enjoyable to where my entire theater was laughing and truly loving it the entire way through.
Movie was fun picture and director was great.
This is, indeed, the most colorful, in my opinion, DC movie. Of course, I was disappointed that the Joker himself is not in the film performed by Jared Leto, but the film tries to be cool without him. How I liked the musical accompaniment with fights. Birds of prey - cake with the main cherry-Harley Quinn. I want to continue!
'Tis Margot Robbie...what's not to like Only part missing was BAM, POW, WHACKduring fight scenes, as in original Batman series.
Margot does a good job
Watching it was so fun and crazy (in a good way)
And Margot Robbie makes Harley so alive and I'm so excited to see her again in the future
the movie is amazing everyone go watch it
Flashy with not much substance. The film is sprinkled with some great individual moments and well-choreographed fight scenes but as a whole it doesn't hold up as well as I'd hoped. Margot Robbie proves again that she was born to play Harley Quinn. The other members of the BoP don't get enough development; this is Harley's movie. I like Ewan McGregor but his portrayal of Black Mask was too over-the-top for my tastes. It's a fun ride but nothing special.
Women who work together... nothing better!
This movie was so badass! Harley Quinn is queen
Dam truly disappointed, another bad DC movie. So many scenes don't even make sense between unbelievable action moves and some of them are pointless. Like the shootin in the cop station and no one draws there guns they just sit there with glitter going everywhere. Just scenes like these make absolutely no scene at all waste of time and money.
Primeira coisa que me chamou atenção foi a fotografia do filme, amo essa mistura intensa de cores, Margot Robbie e as meninas estão incríveis no filme, que tem uma pegada muito boa tanto da forma que a história é contada quanto das cenas de ação. Vão ver o filme por que tá incrível.
Margot Robbie and her crew kicks @×#
I actually didnt expect it to be that good its a fun movie, i know not a lot of people liked it but still its a fun movie
Amazing to see Harly again...just love it
I was really excited to see Harley Quinn again and I really enjoyed some of her scenes. But, it fell short of my expectations. The scenes I did enjoy felt rushed and cut too short. Despite having the R rating, it didn't feel like it earned it. It could have easily been PG-13. It wasn't great, it wasn't that good...it was just a fun little girl power movie, with little appeal for the male viewer. Birds of Prey feels like it should have been released on Netflix instead and judging from the poor box office numbers, it should have been. 

The general audience wanted a full-blown Harley Quinn movie with characters such as Poison Ivy, Catwoman and JOKER. But, instead we got something nobody really asked for or wanted.
Margot Robbie is the best Harley Quinn ever!!
Love Harley! Movie was AWESOME
,
great movie! fun, well-paced and glorious to watch. love the stylistic choices, plot, and director's nuanced empathy for her characters. action sequences were bomb.
Pretty average. It's a Harley Quinn movie. The birds of prey don't really feature and they didn't really do much of the back story for them. Lots of violence and f-bombs but that's ok if the story was good. Would have been much better if they showed the joker or Batman. Says a lot about where the DCEU and where they are at with their actors.
To much madness and the script was lame.
The movie was so worth waiting for.. would watch it again and again and again (might even be better then suicide squad it's self) LOVE LOVE LOVED IT!!!
Went to see Harley Quinn movie and it was AWESOMELY amazing I loved it.
Buena película entretenida, está bien para pasar el fin de semana
How can this be this high? Is this sight broken? The protagonist wasn't believable at all. He made stupid decisions. Reminded me a bit of Kill Bill but with much worse writing and directing.
I liked the combat and action scenes.
Great movie. Really funny. I am definitely going to buy!
I'm going to be honest, I was bored. it wasn't terrible and a few times I might have smiled, but I definitely isn't great. I wouldn't waste money on rewatching not plan to buy later. watch if you want, plenty love it. only going to point out that this isn't DC's best action movie nor is it near a good movie level.
It's hard to imagine a better execution of a Harley Quinn movie.
Acting is decent to good. Story is ok until the over the top misogynistic swill enters the story. Fights are boring and absurd. Black Canary could be winner. Wait for Prime or Netflix, at most matinee tickets if you’re really bored and love Margo.
Definitely better than suicide squad, forging it's own path instead of trying to copy or be the opposite of MCU films. Hopefully DC learns from this.
Acho que a DC está até caminhando para o caminho certo más esse filme não foi tão bom
You get halfway through the movie and the team hasn’t even been assembled yet. It’s like they had no story to tell. They’re trying to make it seem like a whacky roadrunner episode or something but all the jokes are written by your mom. This is an awful movie. I consider it my civil responsibility to warn everyone away.
Unnecessary violence and violence against women and children. If that sounds like great entertainment to you, then this is your movie. If you, like me, like watching Margot Robbie portray Harley Quinn flawlessly just stick to watching Suicide Squad. Birds of Prey is dark, too dark. They could have taken Harley’s character in a million directions and they chose this....
Finally comic movies are fun again. This film does Harleys character justice and gives me emotion, cheese, and R rated carnage.
the movie is a totally perfection.the soundtrack , the direction,the action sequences were awesome. I truly loved it.everyone nailed their characters. the best one for me was jurnee's black canary. so strong and magnificent character. she born to play this role, and the canary cry was so powerful and awesome.

P.S
margot killed it as harley!
Harly Quinn  best parfome
Love it. Colorful cinema and I always have loved Margo's interpretation of Harley Quinn. A few plot line holes and some cheesiness but I still loved it. Also, soundtrack ROCKS.
Great action, really solid film. Characterization was lazy and the film drags in the second half. Other than that, it’s a fun ride
I really enjoyed this movie! Great action scenes! it's not perfect, but it's fun to watch!
No.  Just no. To everything in this movie. And to think Margot Robbie was actually pushing for this agenda. I'm very disappointed
I had zero interest in this movie mainly because I found the trailers really horrible. but a friend dragged me into seeing this, and I was pleasantly surprised. It wasn't amazing, but it's not bad either. It's fast paced and edited well, I'm hard pressed to think of any dull moment. I didn't notice any "in your face feminism" that some people have been rapping about, I wonder if they really saw the movie. Several action scenes were really entertaining, but those near the end starting at the funhouse were quite bad--- none of those hits looked real at all, those action sequences looked really pathetic. if the glaring difference is due to all the reshoots, then they should have just reshot all the action scenes. I probably won't be seeing this movie again, but I have no regrets seeing it--- especially since i expected the worst.
A strong aura like the every 'Summer action blockbuster flicks ever', but wrapped with a well-composed and correct Heroine Troop, and also as a film on Valentine's Day, this film is quite brutal and fitting for those who are looking for entertainment amid a lot of Romantic films that are spreading this month.
not nearly as good as suicide squad.  story line is everywhere. hard to keep track of the time line.
My daughter and I loved it. Very funny. She did go back in time a bit much but I understand why.
Terrible. Virtually unwatchable.
What a fantastic movie. Enjoyed every moment of this film. Definitely a must see movie. Margot Robbie is just simply amazing.
I’m not sure why this is getting good reviews. I mean it didn’t suck. It took awhile to get to the point. The whole stolen diamond storyline has been done one too many times. 
Ewan McGregor & Margot Robbie shine in this colourful film. The story is told out of order which can be confusing at times but doesn't take away from the film too much. Every character is cast well besides the character Casandra Cain who annoyed me most of the time she was on screen. The music is great and the action is a joy to look at. Harley Quinn has a lot of important character moments that make her more likeable as a character. It's a fun film that I recommend to every DC comic fan.

3.5/5
it's a wild ride of a good time!
Awesome movie! Don’t take the kids tho
great comic book feel, it was really well executed. not really good at writing reviews but all I would say it's a must see movie.
Margot Robbie definitely carried the movie, her portrayal of Harley Quinn is spot on. The movie itself literally felt rushed, editing could have been better and lastly, DC just because you put more 5 slow motion sequence on your movies, doesn't make it any better.
The multiple story lines,  character explanation,  and the sound track.
Was so much fun and better than I expected!
I could sum it like this- all men are untrustworthy rapey sleazy pigs, Harley Quinn is the only person that requires any back storey or character development, the super creative fight scenes vary from kicking guys in the balls to punching guys in the balls to hitting guys in the balls with guns to hitting guys in the balls with a mallet... you get the gist of this rubbish. Shouldn't be called birds of prey, but rather "Harley and some anonymous women hit guys in the balls for 1hr 40 mins because all men are b*stards"
I enjoyed it , Robbie is the kind of crazy I would love .
Left a hole in the diamond the family riches
This movie was really well done. The action scenes were very good. The colours made your eyes glued onto the screen and the time went by fast. And not to mention the story was very well executed and were amazingly acted. A must watch. The trailers did not do this movie justice whatsoever
As a marvel fan, I had so much fun watching this movie
Fabulous action sequences, so much fun.
Love, love, loved it! Fun, fast paced and everything I could of asked for from a Harley Quinn movie 💕💕💕
4.75.
Margot Robbie is again excellent as Harley Quinn.
It was nice to see Harley Quinn in a standalone movie.
the movie was HILARIOUS. Besides all the high quality killing going on, you will find yourself laughing more than expected
it's funny and action packed
This was simply the worst movie I have ever seen. I was a fan of Harley Quinn, but I have no idea who I was watching in this movie, because it wasn't her. This wasn't a comic book movie at all, but a jumbled mess of characters doing a lot of nothing for mysterious reasons. Extremely childish attempts at humor. Lighthearted fare at times, but then sobbing hostages get their faces cut off (literally), with one getting her face cut off because she had a snotty nose from crying. Yup. The movie grated on my nerves like no movie ever has, with non-stop annoying scenes. Quinn in this flick is basically a shallow mess living a bad girl fantasy (or something). Just plain awful in every aspect. You have been warned.
Too bad, I thought it was going to be good
hariely is a badass!
Great Fun movie -  well thought out
It was like Deadpool for kids. Too soft. Slow plot.
i liked the way the story was told in reverse then brang you back to present  fight scenes where great definitely  met expectations  would watch it again
I didn't laugh but others in the theater did, so...it's that kind of movie...but it's not a bad movie it's just popcorn.
Birds Of Prey was a very fun gory insane violent fun John Wick mixed with Deadpool of a movie margot once again was amazing as Harley Quinn it was fun, gory, and amazing, even the fight scenes were amazing to watch there is so much for a harley film that this movie rocks!
lots of action - not overdone.  positive female characters without being preachy.
The editing and cinematography were amazing. Ill admit I was totally enthralled in the movie until the end fight scene... one particular part really broke the spell so to speak.
It was a fun solid movie.
I absolutely loved the movie. Margot Robbbie was Amazing as always. Black Mask gave a brilliant performance as well as all the other cast portraying the Birds Of Prey. It’s a super fun, colorful, action packed movie and I would definitely recommend it.
better then I expected.....was fun and good action.    should have had a scene with jared
Amazing movie that shows great group dynamics, girl power, and shows another side of Harley that I can't wait to see more of. Well paced and masterfully shot, the fight scenes especially were completely captivating and extremely well choreographed. This is the best DC movie yet!
They did a fantastic job with the story line from start to finish
This was such a super badass movie.  Super enjoyable regardless of gender (my husband loved it too)--but even cooler for a woman to watch and see other women be so entirely badass.  COMPLETELY worth seeing,
Movie is great!! A lot of action packed scenes accompanied with quirky comedy.
so much fun, great action!
Best Harley Quinn movie EVER
La pelicula es muy buena a muchos no les gustara ya que el villano no se parece al comic , pero no es malo , en general 100 de mujeres el estilo , la musica todo y todos los hombre que salen son malos y eso va hacer que aun que la pelicula sea buena muchos no la consideren y no por machismo sino por que el estilo es 100 femenino pero si no lo vez por ese lado es muy buena
Fucking awesome sauce!!!!!
It was great! Looking to see how this integrates into the DCEU & Suicide Squad 2.
love it. action from beginning to end.
So fun! & So entertaining! Margo Robbie nailed the character!!! She is so great and so amazing! Every kick ass girl was awesome and Mc Gregor was great too!!! Watch until after credits! So worth the wait!!! AWESOME MOVIE!!!
Absolute waste of time and money, my vote for worst movie of the year.
Awesome fight choreography, great team chemistry and very entertaining. Harley is certainly cooler than batman.
Loved everything !!!
Awesome, Awesome, Awesome!!
There is really nothing really to hate about this movie. Easter eggs, villains, and hero’s both. The movie was well made and deserves more credit.
Good story and sound track
Action packed, but its also very factually accurate. Great girl flick. Margot Robbie is awesome as always as Harley Quinn and my new favorite I think has to be Canary. Chick can sing, kick some ass, and has a good heart. I so wanna be Canary when I grow up.
Overall not a bad movie, it just did nothing for me. There as nothing special about the movie, it was a bit cliche with the characters. In the end it showed the women were better than the men . It ended with the formation of the birds of prey which just so happened to be a TV show from 2002
It's neither good or bad. Film is really rushed and the ending is trash
It was a fun movie, super funny.
Great movie Must watch!
Its everything I looked for in a female ensemble comic book movie.  It was fun, violent, and crazy in the best possible way since it is narrated by Harley. I loved that we learned more about Harley since she is my favorite comic book character. I fell in love with Huntress, Black Canary, Renee Montoya, and Cassandra Cain and I hope to see more of them in the future, and hopefully with the addition of Poison Ivy ).
The movie was great start to finish, and even the post credits were pretty Harley esq, it was great stand alone film from Suicide Squad which felt more like a joker and harley movie without much of the joker, Go watch this film!
It was kinda boring, the fight scenes were bubble gummish
Nice fun movie to relax watching if you like them superheroes.
I loved it. Action packed with comedy and just all around fun to watch.
It was amazing. Funny. Hot. Great cast. Everyone please see it.
Was better than I expected. Moved along nicely, no dragging. Had some really funny bits
Movie jumped back and forth too much and interrupted the story line. It was entertaining, but I would not buy it.
A candy colored mess. I wanted so badly to love this movie, I have long been a fan of Harley Quinn, but this movie did her no favors. The new characters were forgettable and added nothing to the already bland DC movie properties. It's a bad sign that I was constantly noticing how the actress who played Cassandra Cain only really had one facial expression the entire movie. I should be having fun in a movie like this, not checking the runtime mid movie to see how much longer I've got. The movie felt like it wanted to have a Deadpool-esque tone that it sadly could not achieve. I'm praying the next time we see ol' Harleen Quinzel in James Gunn's Suicide Squad 2 she'll be better served.
the only thing good about this film was some of the fight scenes.  black canary barely used her abilty.  not enogh story to put everything together.
Pure garbage,  I was forcing my self to stay in the theater to justify the money wasted on the ticket
I hated this movie. The plot was mediocre at best. They way that they told the story was super frustrating. Blask Mask was a terribly written villain. I felt bad for Ewan McGregor, they didn't take advantage of his talent. Margot Robbie was amazing and was probably the only bright spot in the movie. The rest of the cast was mediocre or crap. The movie also felt SUPER LONG. I got bored halfway in it. It felt like the movie was over 5 hours long. Honestly, they should've just called this movie Harley Quinn and Her Side Chicks because the whole dang movie is about Harley Quinn.
Fun and silly, but ultimately just doesn't live up to it's potential.
Lots of fun - fantastic cast! Found myself smiling throughout. Loved it. Ready for more Birds of Prey!
It was amazing . Well done this is how dc movies should be made
I loved everything about it
Loved this one, I had my doubts I must admit. I plan on seeing it a couple more times. 🔥🔥
This movie is badass and all around feel good. Margot is the perfect fit!
Cliche. Reaalllyyy choppy. Like this post. :/
Black Canary and Harley was Awsome
Not a bad movie. The cheap humor doesn't really work. Great action but the story kind of drags along.
Fun, frenetic and colorful but structural issues with writing and characterization.
Great Movie, I just watched it with my mom and it was stunning with the acting and visuals, especially with the low budget
Loved the non linear structure and the attention to details. The fights were amazing!! Definitely worth a second watch!
Crazy movie but in a good way. A lot of action with women kicking butt awesome.Harley doing crazy shtuff.
The movie is not masterpiece but it delivers in so many ways. It's the DC version of Deadpool and I'm here for it. The depiction of its female character is great. I love that is as chaotic as harley's mind. I give it a 4/5.
it was an ok DC movie funny in a way.
Really like the action, soundtrack, and cinematography! I wish it showed a little more backstory for a few characters. It's also surprisingly funny.
The movie was good from the beginning to the end. It’s better than the joker.
I don't like all the changes they made to Harley, I think a Harley and Joker movie would have been better. Harley just lost all her appeal.
Don’t wait for an ending credit! Great movie
Loved everything but the eye rolling unfathomability of Quinn walking into a police station without further resistance. Literally eye rolling. IJS
IT WAS PHENOMENAL FROM THE CINEMATOGRAPHY TO THE FIGHT SEQUENCES TO THE BACKSTORY AND BLACK CANARY OUTSOLDDDDD
It was good, but needlessly violent while being crazy stupid and cringy at times.  still worth a watch.  Chrlotte Lawrence's song is amazing.
A fun, bombastic and colorful romp with interesting characters, good comedy, and great action. The definition of a movie that can cater to nerds but is highly accessible to the layman. Give it a shot and you'll have a good time!
Boring, cheap humor, and a rip-off of Deadpool with storyline. The creators of the movie took iconic characters and just dumped on them. The only entertainment was watching an audience member crying because of how terrible the move was. Missed your mark Bird's of Prey, not even Superman could have saved this one.
Loved It!!!!! Yay funny, exciting and sooo much Girl Power.
Maybe too wild and crazy for me. Script bounced around all over the place. Did not fall asleep however 😎
This is greatest superhero movie of all time. One of the greatest gay movies as well. This movie is queer culture exemplified. This more is pure, exuberant joy. The plot is whack, but it doesn't matter. This movie is all a superhero movie needs to be (and what most superhero movies lately haven't been) - fun.
it's interesting. it does have amazing action scenes. just a few things that they could have done a bit better to keep it great.
Love the kick butt action and girl power!!
The movie relied to much on nonlinear storytelling and narration and as a result, you are never invested much in the characters or plot.  Margot Robbie is good in it, though.
Finally DC has gotten it together. A complete storyline that made sense. Amazing fight scenes and a great cast that was loaded with new comers and recognizable faces alike that fit their roles!!
A fun, funny, feisty, feminist action flick with kickass fight choreography, a killer soundtrack, great cinematography, and tons of heart under all the f bombs. By far the most fun DCEU offering thus far. A must see for Harley fans!
I really enjoyed this movie... sure I can see politics turning people off and there's not a lot of character development here outside of Harley but the scenes that are there are very well shot and I love how colorful this movie is. I will admit that I expected the movie to be funnier. I heard this compared to a DC deadpool... I can see it, but it's definitely less gory and less funny.
Horrible movie. I honestly don’t understand where all the great reviews came from. You’ll literally sit through the entire movie with a straight face, oh and no after credit scene. And you’ll probably giggle twice the entire movie.
The profanity was unnecessary and offensive.
Overall, I enjoyed the film. It was a great girls pow-wow. Embracing the character of Harley Quinn: whimsical, mad & feminine is relayed in the film. Definitely had a good time watching it. The fighting sequences were cool.
too much going on at once.
Movie was true to DC character. Not an interesting plot development through conclusion. Movie made for a 13yr old or younger.
It was so incredible and well written and well directed. The acting was amazing, and they all deserve awards. It was really refreshing to see women centered superhero movie and it lived up to all the hype.
The movie is all about girl's power trend. the bad guys are just waiting their turns to be hit and it looks very staged
I did not like this movie. Beside Margot Robbie, everyone was a bad cast or bad character development. The action scene were good for the most part but a little too far fetch sometimes. Because how do you get so many bad people into evidence storage or bat vs gun (really?)
It was a good movie but I dont know if I would see it again, but its definitely a movie that should at least be watched once.
Fun movie with lots of action. Don't have to be into superhero movies to enjoy this one. Definitely worth seeing.
The movie is really good! I'm really impressed.
Absolutely enjoyed every minute of this movie! Keep it up DC! This is the right direction to take.
Two hours of my life that I will never get back!
Good overall story and definatly some great funny moments. Needed a bit more heart and a lot less modern politics.
Ação, emoção. Do começo ao fim. Ótima performance 💖
Harley. Fucking. Quinn.
DC is finally better than marvel
Very funny, and such a satisfying ending.
Really liked it! iI is a bonkers, over-the-top and nonstop movie. Margot Robbie shines as Harley Quinn once again. You can tell this is a role that she truly loves.
Terrible.  Boring. Annoying.  The girls are tough and good fighters but c'mon they can't be all John Wick all the time.  Too unrealistic even for DC.  And also not funny.
I really like how Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn did her stunts and her narration was humorous. Margot should be nominated for this movie, hopefully. I love Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn. Also, Black Mask was a very gruesome villain.
Choreograph fights were great and some of the best in any recent action movie.
A mildly interesting attempt to keep the DCU relevant with Robbie Margot doing well with a flat, unexciting script. Huntress and Black Canary seem sufficiently brooding, and the more or less nameless and personality-free cop rounds out the team that shuffles around poorly choreographed action sequences.
Great movie! Action packed! Nice to see the ladies get some shine! Hopefully this gets a sequel!
One of the best DC adaptations ever graced upon the big screen!!!
A huge step up for DC movies.  Loved this.  Had the right vibe and great characters.  None of the BS of their lesser films.
amazing i enjoyed it so much, marggot i love u 
loved it! great energy and girl power!!
Awesome movie!! Great fun!! Will watch again!!
Se volvió mala gracias a que la historia es muy mal escrita y no se parece en nada a los cócmics.
Very entertaining....enjoyed it very much!!!! 😁
A fun filled adventures movie with a female cast that is not trying to hard or overcompensating. As a women their acting made me proud
I loved the characters, and the great fight scenes!
it was an awesome female led movie!
One of the DC films! 
it was entertaining throughout the entire movie. definitely a good choice to watch if you want some laughs.
Incredibly violent, but fun action movie. Nothing too deep and definitely not for kids.
Harley Quinn at her finest!
I love it.  I love the action and everything about it. I'm actually Harley's Quinn fans. I once dyed my hair like her and dress like her so watching her make me happy and want to meet her
This movie was awesome. It's shot well and looks great. Story was in line with Kick-Ass/ Scott Pilgrim and Sucker Punch. Any negativity surrounding the movie is WAY overhyped. Go see this movie it's damn fun and I laughed a lot. It has the opportunity to open the door to Green Arrow/ Gotham City Sirens/ Hawk and Dove and Batgirl.
I enjoyed it thoroughly! It was fun, hilarious and action packed.
This was a great, action packed, funny, addition to the DC Comics Movies!! I loved it, and so did my daughter😃👍
The action is great, the action is the best thing about the movie and the comedy will have you laughing. The story is a bit flat, there is very little birds of prey which is what you are paying for. I think the biggest sin here is it gets VERY unrealistic in some parts. Overall an enjoyable experience.
Loved it!! So happy we went and saw it!
Had so much fun and was laughing through out the movie! Margot did great as Harley, and I cannot wait to see what is in store for the rest of the BOPs! Also, soundtrack was amazing!
LOVEDDDD LOVED LOVED HIGHLY RECOMMEND
Birds of Prey & Harley Quinn wasn't that good. The packed theater & I laughed four times in the whole movie, all in the 2nd half. The ending is the best part, but it felt lacking in all departments. I felt like they had an OK first draft (that needed work & editing) for a good PG-13 comic movie. But then tried to be like a female Deadpool. They took the first draft, added gore, swearing, drugs, & bad jokes that no one in the theater laughed at. (except said 4, but 4 jokes does not a movie make). My friends and I didn't like it. Margot Robbie did her usual Harley Quinn. Ella Jay Basco (the kid) did some of the best acting. Ewan McGreggor should not have been cast in this movie (It's not his character, though he tried). The movie was badly titled. The more I think about it, the more I don't want to. It was the "Batman & Robin" of this decade. 2.1/5 stars.
Overall good movie to see badass women kicking ass
Bombastic movie!!!! Had a blast watching it with my husband!!! Margot Robbie kicked ass!!!!!!!!!
Terrible in every way
It was OK. I fell asleep :/
Playfully funny movie that I would definitely watch again.
The movie was fantastic!! None stop action
One of the most fun movies Ive ever seen. The casting is phenomenal, the soundtrack is amazing and its all in all a great experience, especially in iMAX!
Great action, but language was tough to take.
loved it. this movie is supposed to have strong women. I'm glad it's original and doesn't have to gender swap a franchise to make a good movie. going a second time next week. 
Fantastic movie, it was super fun. I loved the plot, the acting was awesome and the cast rocked. Well done Margot Robbie!
Fun movie and characters. Did not feel forced and individual character were mixed together brilliantly. Love the Easter egg too
Love how it all came together! It was definitely empowering!
Sooooo freaking fun... total guilty pleasure!
Worst DCU movie!!!!!
Thought it was too cheesy
All I ever wanted from this movie was Harley Quinn flipping around and beating people up and the Canary Cry. Boy did it DELIVER
Very disappointing - nonstop violence over and over and over. Great soundtrack!
Birds Of Prey is brainless entertainment at best, and directionless, and needlessly divisive at worst. Surprisingly, Jurnee Smollett-Bell is the standout while Mary Elizabeth Winstead also does VERY well with VERY little. That being said, it's a film that leaves a lot on the table—and wastefully dashes any sequel hopes—by the time the credits roll. On a scale of 1-100, I'd give it a 65.
It was really fun and clever.  We loved it.
I really liked the movie.  It kept me in stitches.
I would recommend it. Margot Robbie is a very good actress.
it was bad, I wanted to get up and leave half way though the movie and I wasn't the only one. it just wasn't interesting at all.
Refreshing, great action movie and great characters
Super fun ride! Crazy amazing action with great performances from EVERYBODY. Villains that deserve a spot in the top 5.
Strong women kicking a**! A wild ride! Margot Robbie is fabulous as Harley F***** Quinn! Go see it. You will love this movie!
Muito bom o filme , espero continuação
A colorful, violently exciting action movie!
I liked Birds of Prey. I do agree that the movie could've been better, but overall the action sequence was great, fun story, I highly recommend seeing it
it was a great movie, loved it.
Really fun movie. DC certainly could stay edgier and focus on adults with teens and children second in my opinion. This was lots of laughs with great action without ignoring the existence of Suicide Squad. I couldn't picture anyone else being Harley Quinn at this point but I hope they continue to build on her and tie others together.
A female take on Deadpool... And I'm not mad about that!
Loved the movie. Great action, story, character development and humor. Underrated movie in my option
I really liked it.  it was just a fun and funny movie.    went find the meaning of life, but it was a great ride.
Great movie, good laughs, fun vibe, and some awesome action!
Do not listen to the people saw this movie is “WOKE”. It is everything BUT that. If you’re even thinking about seeing this movie, GO! This is a badass action movie start to finish. Margot Robbie is HARLEY FREAKIN QUINN! It’s a fun filled adventure, full of kick ass choreography and insanely funny moments. It’s also VERY dark and gritty. I WANT MORE.
Just an overall fun film. I loved some of the new characters along with Margot Robbie's amazing Harley Quien. The action was also significantly better than a normal comic book movie.​
I like seeing girls kick guy's asses more of this please
Was so disappointed with movie.  Storytelling was rambling for 1/2 the movie.   Seems like DC movies are spotty, some are good and some leave me scratching my head wondering why did they make this.
Well that was two hours I’ll never get back, however the action scenes were very well choreographed. The story line left a lot to be desired
It was not funny and didn't have an interesting plot. I almost walked out.
Chaotic fun movie. You wont be disappointed.
Margot Robbie was excellent but everyone else  were a bore. They misused Ewan McGregor into a sideshow comic act and the other actors were uninteresting
Im a huge DC fan, but I have to say that this movie is absolute garbage. Its poorly executed, its beyond campy, and there is little to no character development. Black Mask finally gets introduced to a DC film, and they destroy the character!! I hate this movie.
It had little to no plot. It was 90 minutes of painful.
i liked the fight scenes and the soundtrack, cinematrography, there couldve been more joker but then again jared letos joker was eh
Lady power & empowerment!
Way better then I anticipated well worth the money
great actress for Harley, great action.
Cool fights, awesome soundtrack
A truly cinematic ecstasy. Birds of Prey showcased what a creative directive lense is capable of producing. The dynamic of The cast felt effortless and beautifully powerful. Margot was born to be Harley Quinn and she nailed her character so boldly. The depiction of self-entitlement through the villan "black mask" is spot on. Birds of Prey is revolutionary in its OWN WAY!  
If I were to describe how I felt throughout the movie in 3 words it would be: FUN, POWERFUL, and HAPPY. 
And sometimes that's all you need! 
Can't wait for part 2 one day.
No, the suicide squad is not worse. Yes, the suicide squad is not the best movie... However, I believe that they didn't learn from their past mistakes. The plot was bland and was cliche. The fighting scenes were meh and emotional scenes were not tear-worthy.  I was very disappointed at the end of the movie and I didn't feel like the death of the antagonists was not satisfying. If you really like Harley Quinn or you just like women kicking ass, it's a hard pass for any other person.
This flick was a blast!! A great vehicle for Harley Quinn, and delivers the goods with amazing action/fight scenes!! All the actors are great and sets up possible scenarios for future development!! Hopefully a little more hyena interaction down the road!! One of DC's best, so far!!
Margot Robbie is as great as ever in the role of Harley. Whole cast killed it and the fight scenes were dope
This movie did not disappoint. The story line was great, as the Joker was out and Harley was strong and independent on her own. She also shows compassion towards others and comes out on top through several hand-to-hand battles.  Girl Power is the theme of this movie.  Go Harley!
Hilarious. Love the characters.
Loved Bruce the hyena
5 badasses kicking butt.  What's not to love?
Terrible writing and plot. Had very little in common with the source material. I kept having to remind myself that I spent money on it to fight off the urge to fall asleep.
Worst movie I have seen since suicide.
No story line.
No plot.
Poor acting.
Nothing really went on other than people being beaten up, faces cut off or killed.
Poor costumes.
Everything about this movie was good! The cast killed it! So much action!!!
Awesome! Had me laughing all the way!
I thought it was a blast ! It was funny ! Margot kills is as Harlequin and all the other ladies kicked butt too ! Totally can't wait for the next chapter of these bad ass chicks !
Liked Ewan McGregor, the rest was just a mess, like a Deadpool knock off
It was a very interesting movie. I loved it.
Movie was interesting from the beginning to the end! girlpower
Good old brain candy, fun and well paced.
Good entertainment and very funny!
Superfun. Slick action sequences. Wish there were more stories like this.
I thought the movie was great!
Strong representation of women with bright colorful colors. It is also very comedic and just plain wonderful.
Bad movie, bad acting... waste of money..
A kick butt girl group is always great to see!
So good!! I love a good girl power movie!
Loved Harley! Margo Robbie is fantastic & I definitely want more Huntress. 
5 Stars for Margot Robbie!
3 stars for the storyline!
The mask dude boring as F!
But Margot you always gonna be 5stars! 
Should of had Jared Leto as joker in it, he would of been funny to her Harley.. ending it with her double crossing him.. going off into the sunset as new without joker HarleyQuinn. Setting up next movie as stand alone HarleyQuinn.
Birds of Prey was great! It erases that mess Suicide Squad made and gets rid of that "Joker." Margot Robbie was  born to play Harley. The cast were great. The action was fun. Loved the nods to the comics.
It wasn't great. It was just ok. It wasn't the worst thing I've ever seen, but it wasn't the best. It was just a meh of a movie unfortunately.
Funny, lots of action. Worth a movie ticket
I thought this movies was pretty great! It was funny, bloody, violent, over-the-top at times, but had lots of referential humor within it. The characters were enjoyable whenever on-screen. It had great pacing. The colorful nature of the film was nice. It's fun movie about a bunch of badass chicas banding together and kicking every guy that messes with them's asses. If you're a guy and that triggers you, this isn't the movie for you; neither are women. It's 2020 and chicks are finally getting to show their ass kicking skills and it's great! It's a great step towards another kickass female with 'Wonder Woman 1984' coming up in June.
Great movie but please be aware that there is ALOT of profanity. Wouldnt suggest bringing a minor to see this flick.
Story was meh
Harley was Harley lol 👌
Huntress was disappointing 👎
Black Canery WAS AWESOME!🤟
Black Mask was fucking sick!!!🤙
Funny and entertaining
Excellent movie! I thought it was as good as Deadpool as an anti-superhero movie in the rated R "segment"; it was so much better then Suicide Squad. Margot Robbie was awesome!
I was thoroughly surprised at the wonderful performance! I knew Harley was a strong character after completely owning the Suicide Squad, but this was an awesome movie! The ladies really did their thang.
Good action scenes but bad writing and direction. In my opinion it was an average DC movie. I was hoping it would be on par with Wonder Woman. To many characters with little amounts of backstories (except for huntress).  worth a watch as a rental
Nothing to write home about, but Robbie does a great job of inhabiting her role well. The rest of the cast seems adrift/hokey/uninteresting, aside from a hilariously over-the-top showing of Ewan McGregor. All and all, it's entertaining but far from ground-breaking, and a little too light considering Harley's darkness.
Absolutely loved this film! The acting was great, the characters were very likeable, and the action was great! I highly recommend it if you're looking for a movie that'll give you a good time!
The film was an another absolute win for DC. Margot Robbie takes the Harley Quinn character to whole new level. Alongside great performances from her cast members. The film was indeed a fantabulous experience.
Great flow. Amazing performances all around. Totally kept the mood. Great fight scenes. Nice plot with depth and comic relief. Great movie all around
So much fun! Two thumbs up for the bad girls. Excellent soundtrack.
Good pace, needed more explosions
Flamboyant fun with a kickass soundtrack
It's a no for me. Too much narration and the story line all over the place. This isn't the Harley Quinn from suicide squad. I'll pass on a sequel.
Perfect Teenage Movie
DC embraces the tongue and cheek nature of comics, much like Deadpool, to a decent success. Robbie carries 75% of this passion project on her shoulders. Overall this is a successful movie, even of not ground breaking cinema.
Definitely a movie worth watching in the big screen. It could have been better. I wish this was Gotham Sirens instead of Birds of Prey. Margot Robbie has a great understanding of the character, she just needs Ivy to ground her.
It was hilarious . Enjoyed every minute
The movie was entertaining and kept me interested the entire time. Margot is awesome and so are the rest of the kick ass women! !  It's fun, has great music and fight scenes.
Absolutely amazing!!! They did such a great job on this movie!!
Marvel Girlz Rock! Wish the language wasn’t so raunchy. The English language has a wide variety of words that could have been used in place of all the *******. Overall a good movie. •••Wouldnt suggest it for the little marvel fans.
Fun, funny, and plenty of action!
Great action and plot. The fighting choreography in this movie was amazing. I went with four friends and we all loved it.
The emancipation of a woman who's going through a heartbreak has never been this satisfying! But of course, it takes a whole crazy ass woman to do that and judging by the titular character itself, Birds Of Prey (and the Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn) does its justice on bringing her alive and making her the boss bitch she has always been. 

It may be uneven on the first act, but the charms and the whole sugary vibrant - that thankfully doesn't sugarcoat the whole thing - really ties the nature of its excessive violence and crude profanity. The villain may not be the greatest, but he has that personality and wit that makes him fun to watch. The movie did a decent job on serving each characters, as it compliments them whenever they're on. It shows the awareness of female empowerment without being preachy by celebrating the bonds of sisterhood. Birds of Prey (and the Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn) isn't just a ride, it's the whole carnival itself!
So dope. Amazing soundtrack. Amazing moments. Amazing movie.
Loved it! Funny and very entertaining
It was a good movie. It has some silly parts, but it has some great visual shots I really loved.
Absolute blast! One of my favorite DC movies
the movie was really messy and choppy at time and I did not like Black Mask and Victor Zsasz portrayal in this movie at all and especially couldn't take Huntress serious she was so awkward. The movie isnt good but not terrible either just meh but I do love Margo Robie as Harley Quin she's the saving grace of the movie and the final climax scene was amazing so that brought the movie up a bit for me but over all it's an ok movie you can enjoy nothing special.
This movie is rated R fun from start to finish, in all seriousness it is a 2 act movie that is faithful to the comics and charaters. i loved it and cannot wait to see what DC does next
Absolutely fantastic. Excellently cast. Everyone was just fantastic, especially Margot Robbie and Ewan McGregor. The choreography was top notch. The fight scenes would combine like 4 different people doing different things, and it was all like a beautiful dance. Must have been very hard to film! I can't wait to watch it again at home. 
This movie is horrible. The plot is bad and acting is weak.
The campyness of a comic book with the fun and entertainment and action to keep you glued the screen.
One of DCs best, for sure. 
Margot really is perfect in the role.
Well this was another disappointing DC movie. None of the characters had any real depth and the plot was thread bare.
Wacky and high energy throughout, poor story leaves so many questions its like watching an adult version of Looney Tunes, tons of comedy but when it comes to the how why and what there is no explanation. Things just fall out of the sky into Harley Quinn's hands and she's a badass. That's cool and all but how does a ex Catholic school girl with a PhD randomly aquire all these fighting skills overnight when she had a joker protecting her as explained over and over in the film.
Loved the movie. Girl power!!!
very good movie original take on story and fight scenes. And the black canary was phenomenal 
So Disappointing. It was not as nearly as fun as it should have been, Especially with the R rating. DC is really having a hard time capitalizing on their vast catalog.
Great Movie, felt like though it should've been named "Harley Quinn & The Birds of Prey"
Not bad. Could have been much better. Would I recommend? No. Would I not recommend? No.
Es lenta al en los primeros 30 o 40 minutos y tiene problemas en la trama pero aún así es bastante entretenida y las escenas de acción son brutales, me hubiera gustado que desarrollarán más los personajes de cazadora y canario.
Never really watch DC or superhero type stuff but this movie was probably one of my favorites of all time. Had a smile on my face the whole time :)
I’ve got a one word review... FUN!
Garbage... complete garbage.
It had a great plot and very entertaining. It could have been PG13 and still a good movie. I hope to see Sirens of Gotham next and then have them connect in some way.
Kids and I loved it!  Girl power!!!
Good, no complaints!
Great, fun movie LOVED Margo Robbie.
It was a complete waste of time,and too much Quips.shitty movie.
Better than Suicide Squad (2016), and I liked that the main cast was entirely female. Birds of Prey is also written and directed by girls. Harley Quinn is pretty much all in all my favorite villain/anti-hero. I also liked that Margot Robbie's Harley Quinn was being like Deadpool - messing with the story and using coarse language.
It was disappointing. The early reviews made me excited to see it but after watching it I could have waited to see it on TV. Margot Robbie was fine but not compelling. I didn't care for the narration style and felt the movie dragged in spots and was not nearly as much fun as I anticipated. I will admit to strongly preferring Marvel to DC. Looking forward to Black Widow and Scarlett Johansson.
Best DC movie to date!
Great movie! Fun times!!
I don't understand why people want to watch movies where it seems like it was written by someone who's never met a human. If this were a review on the visuals I would give it a 5/5 but the writing was unfortunate and underwhelming. It seemed unable to decide on the mood; was it a comedy? Drama? Break up/'chick-flick'? Who's to say? The concept could've been well executed and interesting but it was ultimately a flop(well...not in the box office).
Most ridiculous movie Ive ever seen. No sensible storyline.
Cut and dry, save your money!
A fun and very unique film. I had a blast seeing it and can't wait to see it again.
Poorly written and directed. A very weak plot. I love Harley Quinn as a character and Margot Robbie is great. Everything else was just annoying. Really bad soundtrack. 
I like the movie it’s was good the dots were good to
I really enjoyed the film.
holds up to the hype, I enjoyed this DC comics movie
Really fun movie to watch. Enjoyed the narrative and action. Acting was great.
Very enjoyable.......when you're a non comic book fan and can see the potential that is sadly waisted due to representation, accuracy, characters, action and much more. BUT still better than most DC films for sure!
Enjoyed the girl power with my own three dynamic girls!
Legit the only good thing about this movie was Margot Robie as Harley Quin. The characters were boring, the plot was a mess. Do not recommend wasting your money on it.
Really fun!  Excellent villian and believable story for why the team got together.  I would have liked Harley to have developed more of a plan, and more squarely addressed the misogyny she experienced, but it was still really good.
It was amazing the action the music it was really funny 😁 the fighting it was so much fun I loved every character from start to finish it's so good 😊
Good movie, definite showcase of Harley Quinn...
Other characters were limited, but worth the watch. Enjoy!
Girl Power without the politics. This movie is a good old fashion fun comic book movie. Great fight scenes where girls rule the school. Harley rocks in every way once again. Loved it.
The first half of the movie is great. The moralizing in the film is both good and timely, but also in character with Harley, so kudos to the director and writers. The action sequences are kinetic, especially the police station fight scenes. Ewan McGregor is also an amazingly awful villain. But the second half is dragged down by terrible character development, a precipitous drop in the quality of the fight scenes (the fun house fight scene is so bad), and a poor turn by the child actor playing Cassandra Cain—who might have actually ruined this film for me. I'd wait to stream this one.
Muy buena 🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
Harley Quinn went from being a very strong twisted person to 2nd guessing herself this entire movie. Did not like how it was directed at all. Actors worked with what they had.
saw it opening night. No one in the theater laughed at all. After 15 minutes my wife leaned over and said "this is a stupid movie".  I kept waiting for it to get good. I was begging it to do so.  I love Margot Robbie.  I loved Suicide Squad. But this was some serious Tom and Jerry cartoon stuff in the fights and the action.  Add in the comedy wasn't funny at all and it's a half star because I can't give it a zero.
Better than I expected. I've been a fan of Margot Robbie's for 3 years now and she deserves more than just that Golden Globe nomination. Her version of Harley Quinn is incredible!!
excellent....for all ages..
Bright, colorful, and fun! Good action and pacing. On par or better than recent DC movies. Margot Robbie is fantastic as usual. Looking forward to seeing more from Jurnee.
Great movie can’t wait for the next one
started cheesy but turned out great
this is my absolute favorite "comic book" movie. it was fun from start to finish, the smile never left my face. I really hope DC makes a stand-alone BoP movie and a Gotham City Sirens movie. Everyone was amazing but of course Margot as Harley stood out the most. Going to see it again next week!
BEST DC MOVIE EVER!!!
Great movie a lot of action
Girl power in full force!!!
Finally a change from seeing men all over the TV screen. incredible movie! Rumors of a second have my hopes up pretty high!!!! I hope there's a "Bruce" costume this year for Halloween so I can Dress my dog up!! I will be Harley of course. #teamharley
Truly a steaming pile of terrible,
love every minute of it ....super funny, sexy and with a whole lot of action 
I was surprised that I really enjoyed it, since I hated subside squad. But, I gave it a shot since I saw an article likening the action to John Wick. It definitely had better action and even the whole flow of the movie was just playful.
Very slow, not a strong story/plot line
Loved this movie from beginning to end! Action throughout, great writing and acting from all of the ladies!  Can't wait to see what Margot Robbie and the rest of the cast have in store next!!
Margot Robbie kills it! Her having her own movie was so fun. An absolute hilarious film. She fills up the screen time with her goofy/sarcastic style of humor as harley quinn and its just a blast. Ewan McCgregor’s dynamic on his character is awesome. Another goofy style “bad guy” and him and Harley’s chemistry blend perfectly together. A must see!
I thought it was good, I like the cast and fighting. But I would have loved to see her go against the Joker.
Once again a great DC movie that isn’t dark and gritty. 
average story writing with bad story telling.
This movie was badly written it felt unnecessary to be told on the big screen especially before we get a green arrow or green lantern movie WE GET THIS? This movie felt like a throw away cartoon episode from the Batman animated series to be a filler for one of its seasons. WORST DC FILM SO FAR! Suicide Squad was better and that movie was also horrible. Birds of Prey storyline was dole and boring never felt exciting. Clearly a cash grab from Warner bros. Same boring color pallet as Suicide Squad and unrealistic CGI.
Out of the Joker's shadow and right into Deadpool's. This movie felt like it was really trying to copy that Deadpool formula while at the same time pulling it's punches. It walks up to that line and then backs away. It's not a terrible movie, but it's not a good movie either.  Honestly it needed to be smaller. A smaller cast of main characters would have helped flesh everyone out better. Not one I'll be rushing to see again any time soon.
I feel like DC has something bright for us in the future, and I definitely think that R-Rated movies totally suit them. Birds of Prey is amazing, and slays all of the negative things that people put on this movie. Black Mask is pure evil, Harley Quinn is fun as always, and Huntress is kick ass. Black Canary was my favorite part of the movie as well. I feel like they could’ve done a better job with Renee Montoya and Cassandra Cain tho. But overall this was a good movie and better than Suicide Squad.
Amazing. I was a bit worried I wouldn’t like it but it was perfect.
Story line and acting not good. I definitely will not see another harley movie.
Margot Robbie is one of my favorite actress's, but even though she gives a good performance this movie is a total loser. It's not worth your money and especially not worth your valuable time. I hate to say this but it is what it is.
I thought the movie was great. Very great acting and amazing story!!
Worst movie I have ever seen! Don’t waste your money or time! 
It was a meh movie, ultimately mediocre. 
I loved everything about the movie!!!!!! Girl power!
Entertaining.  Hot ladies
Definitely a great step up for the DCEU.
A completely unnecessary addition to the DC movie collection.  Awful dialogue, disjointed scenes, and over-the-top cookie-cutter villains.  Plotless film with shameful backstory cuts (copy Deadpool much?) and come on, Rosie Perez?  Seriously?   Just a complete waste of good popcorn.
Too violent.... a waste of Margo Robbie’s talents.   If u like excessive violence including kids getting their faces cut off then u might like this sad mess.
Tons of action, good story, funny and expands the universe.
it was okay, not too bad
very funny, entertaining, she is harley Quinn.
Everything about this movie was captivating and incredible!!!
It had the makings of a really great movie. There were parts that felt old and just to over the top goofy. That same energy also made it kind of fun and light hearted which is why it's worth the movie ticket. 
Margot Robbie is Harley Quinn! Really good movie!
I liked the movie. she plays harley Quinn well.
I was pleasantly surprised at this movie. I like how Harley spoke to the audience in the movie. I liked the fight scenes even though they were a stretch at times, the movie very fun and entertaining to watch.
The ending and there were funny scenes
fantastic movie! active filled and laughter!
Like a Troma flick with a budget. Loved it
they did a wonderful job with marketing it was slow and all over the place I guess to match her personality should've waited for Netflix
Harley Quinn CARRIES this movie she is fantastic and hilarious the movie was also pretty good and everything was pretty good but if you love Harley Quinn definitely a must see
Pretty entertaining. Great action scenes. The story was a little lame. 
Went into it being skeptical. Really enjoyed it. Found my self laughing alot. All and all a good movie. Would recommend.
I rank BOP in my top 5 DCEU movies yet. Margot Robbie gets better and better with each outing as Harley Quinn. I hope to see more of Huntress, and Black Canary in future DCEU films. The action and fight scenes are among the best that the DCEU has to offer with two great scene stealing villians in Victor Zasaz and Black Mask.
Terrible! I NEVER write reviews. Do NOT go see this
great acting, great cinematography
Good action sequences! Not afraid to show some blood n guts
Keeps you entertain. Good action and not so bad with the writing
Très bon film,Margot est génial surtout la scène avec son bat qui est la meilleure du film.Un peu de longueur après la scène d'ouverture mais qui ce rattrape avec c'est scène d'action qui nous surprend jusqu'à la fin.Bravo DC qui est sur une bonne voie!
although Ewan MacGregor's performance is one of his weakest ever, the rest of the film is very good.
perfect follow up to Suicide Squad
Action incridible, harleyquinn (Margot robbie) is a amazing   Love too huntress (Mary Elizabeth winstead) and Black canary (jurnee smolett)
Really fun and colorful. Wish every DC movie would be rated R and push the limits like this.
This movie was better than I thought it would be. It wasn't spectacular but it was pretty good. There were some strange moments in the movie, but the fight scenes were badass. Margot Robbie and the rest of the cast did a great job in this movie. The plot to the movie was pretty good and it even shows that Harley Quinn has a soft side to her. That makes her a little more likable. Ewan McGregor as the villain was kind of goofy, but it worked for the movie. Overall, I would recommend it, but I don't think everyone would like it.
What the F*** did I just waste my money on!?!?!
Loved it! Very entertaining.
Same old recycled Hollywood garbage
As a lady who has enjoyed reading comics throughout her life, I really enjoyed this movie. The witty banter between characters, intriguing backstories, understandable love of breakfast sandwiches and wonderful comedy that seeps into every scene. Having women anti heros kicking ass with the the use of camera angles, animation and loads of glitter combined the perfect ingredients that kept the audience engrossed. Not to mention Black Mask (Ewan McGregor) being scary as hell with the help of sociopath Victor Zsasz, I was constantly flinching from all the faceoffing going on. I want to see more from DC like this and I am so happy that women are changing the game.
Weak start, but better later on. Good action and Ewan goes all out.
Birds of Prey was a good movie with great action sequences. Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn is the best, and all the other characters are good. Black Mask is a pretty solid villain but not great. 8/10
This was everything I wanted in a Harley Quinn movie. So funny and so fun!
loved every bit great story and amazing plot twists
compared to other "comic book" movies this was middle of road.
it was fun watching girls kicks guys' butts
Honestly not the best movie. I Really didn’t like it the movie was everywhere. Real random
Despite an over-the-top, un-intimidating performance from Ewan McGregor, Birds of Prey delivers on stylish action and a fabulously devilish performance from Margot Robbie, adding another fun entry into the DCEU.
The characters had so much potential, but the story was garbage.
Very nice visuals, but disappointing storytelling. The movie broke the "show, not tell" rule far too much, and the story itself was not engaging. If you want to switch off your brain and enjoy a colorful spectacle, this is a good pick, otherwise, I would spend the time elsewhere.
I JUST WATCHED BIRDS OF PREY!!! IT WAS AMAZING!!!
You will laugh your ass off fall in love with every character in this movie
If you think there's a chance you won't like this movie, you'd be correct. Maybe, with me being in my 30's, I'm not the target audience. If I was an edgy 15 year old, I probably would have loved it. It totally lacks wit and a solid plot.
It was amazing !!! All in all great film and I like how they made room for maybe Gotham sirens !!!
Definitely a most see!
Good characterization . Good movie
Amei o filme, adorei todas as cenas de luta vale muito a pena.
Upset that i didn’t like this movie more. It Felt very choppy. There were some good parts but over all it was a let down. 
Action funny bad ass ladies
entertaining and funny
Loved it. Bomb music. Awesome fight scenes. Boys get the f*** out of here, this one is for us.
i just love this movie. its fun movie experience! 
I was totally pumped up anticipating a great sequel to Suicide Squad Harley Quinn. I was highly disappointed with this movie. It lacked in many areas i.e. movie script, character building, action scenes, etc.

I don't recommend the DC fans to see this sequel. I left the movie theater bummed out feeling it was a waste of time. I was bored most of the movie and had lost interest and couldn't wait for it to end.
Great Eye Candy but, lack for story.
Very enjoyable and a must see movie to see
My daughter and I loved it!!! Funny and full of action!!!
A interesting film of following Harley Quinn and other characters that are as popular in the DC universe. I would compare it to Moulin Rouge mixed with some of Harley Quinn’s after story after Suicide Squad and some other female leads.
La película apesta, se le ven varios ajustes al guión y lo hace caótica
horrible. acting zero. characters zero. movie zero. dont waste your time or money.
It's!!!!! REALLY GOOD!!! Margot Robbie outdid herself as Harley and everyone's acting was AMAZING!!! The action sequences were so cool I had to stop myself from being too loud in the theater but it was so worth watching and I WILL be getting it on dvd when it leaves theaters PLEASE support this FANTASTIC AMAZING WONDERFUL MOVIE thank you
Everything was great!!
It was bad. The DCEU was better when Zack Snyder was around.
Birds Of Prey Pros: Great Acting Strong Directing Good Cinematography Magnificent Editing Phenomenal Action Scenes Stunning Visuals Decent Pacing Cons: Weak Plot with underdeveloped characters Thin Screenplay Anti-Climatic Ending Overall Grade: B (7/10)
Great action but storyline was a bit hard to follow. To much going back in time scenes.
Great movie! Margot Robbie and Mary Elizabeth Winstead were fantastic. The movie is a lot of fun to watch. Nice escape from reality for 2 hours.
Even though it had some stuff wrong with it I give it all stars because it was well worth seeing regardless!!
This movie was horrible I have never wanted my money back after watching a movie until today. Worst comic book movie ever made Green Lantern seem like it swept the oscars when it came out.
It’s not the best super hero/villain movie but is also not the worst. It had its gags and action moments but the movie had a slow pace for half the movie. Harley Queen is basically the Deadpool of DC.
awesome to watch harley quinn
The beginning was slow but then it picked up.
The title is misleading, a more accurate name would be "The fantabulous emancipation of one Harley Quinn (and the birds of prey)". Its structure is similar to that of "Fantastic 4", all origin leading up to a climax involving the team ( but only in that way, not similar in terms of quality). That's really my only problem with the film, if was funny, clever, and had great action sequences. I'd say it's definitely worth seeing (especially if you if you hated "suicide squad").
One of the Best DC Movies out there!
Not what i was expecting. Weak story line. Boring.
Wow, what a pleasant surprise this was! Two thumbs up for Harley Quinn! Would love to see more of her crazy, violent, fantabulous adventures (please). 😈
Genuinely enjoyed this film!
Pretty fun watch! the villian felt a little underdeveloped but overall it was a pretty great show!
witty and sexy good laughs
Surprisingly excellent movie
Liked special effects, disliked too much Kung-fu fighting (putting me to sleep)
Jurnee Smollett-Bell and Margot Robbie are fantastic!
Everything was great!
It was an emancipation
Should have been longer
The trailer of this movie wasn't that great but the movie was awesome! All through the movie it was fun and had a lot of action. I recommend to go watch it before criticizing the movie for no reasons.
Only dislike is there is little to no character development outside of Harley Quinn
Movie was better than I expected. Very much Deadpool like but for the DC universe. Good for a weekend flick.
The fight scenes and choreography, some of the humor, and some parts were good. The first part was slow, and the story was kind of weak in my opinion. Not as much as humor as I thought there would be. Excessive and unnecessary violence, gore, and language. I could have enjoyed it just as much with the excessiveness. Wish it was given a pg-13 version like deadpool two.
A party start to end. Actions packed ride
Zero stars! I've seen some stinkers lately including Cats, Dolittle, Turning, and Gretel....but wow....Birds of Prey really had me running for the industrial sized can of Lysol. Weak amateurish script, stupid plot full of holes, terrible overacting all around, flat jokes, bad music, ridiculous Masked Magician villain. There was one good action sequence, but then it looked like the rest were filmed by unpaid interns. I kept glancing at my watch just begging for the credits to roll so I could be EMANCIPATED from this dumpster fire. Don't waste your time or money on this one even when it comes out on streaming.
it was well directed and scripted.
Perfect. In my own opinion: Coming from me that’s saying something.
Better than i thought it would be but not great it was more of a female version of John Wick 
Extremely entertaining. action packed. Bad Language was way over done. Would watch again
Funny throughout and full of intense action. Best part of the film was the fighting, I suggest seeing this in theaters. Also it has many good actors who did well in their roles.
It was funny, different, and a bit gory. Everything I hoped it would be when I found out it was gonna be rated R. It was fun and I got my money's worth
it bounces back and forth in time sometimes which can be a bit confusing, but overall I like the movie
Margot Robbie was outstanding as always. But the fighting was repetitive and the story was not interesting. The script needed a few more drafts and shorter scenes.
Nothing about this movie was worth spending money on.  Whole segments of the plot were meaningless.  Juxtapose this with the Joker and it's embarrassingly bad.  12 people watched in the theater I was in, only 8 of them made it through to the end.  Save your money. 

Side note - Saw it in a new 4DX theater, and that was pretty fun!  To bad the movie was so awful.
Entertaining.  Music was great
If you're a Birds of Prey fan, stay home. This isn't the movie for you. If you're a Harley Quinn fan and you just want zany, you'll love it.

Honestly, I don't have a problem with Margot Robbie or her portrayal of Harley. She does a great job. This movie is a star vehicle made for her.

My beef is that the title starts with "Birds of Prey". They were set dressing. Birds of Prey fans have waited a long time to see these characters adapted for the big screen and this is what we get?!?  

Really good movies make you care about the characters. I felt nothing.
I liked this a lot more than Suicide squad. It was funny, Harley was charming, and the rest of the birds were great.
Such a dope movie. In the top 3 of the post Nolan DC  Universe.
I like everything single sence.
It was okay action was the best part a little bit on the corny part
Funny and Attractive!
It's beautifully shot, the aesthetics are breathtaking, and Robbie and McGregor shine in their roles. A unique and creative movie that's fun for everyone.
I didn't like the first half...but it picked up during the second half.  Overall, it was an entertaining movie.
I'm still processing. The movie felt a little messy to me, and not necessarily a cohesive whole. But I liked so many of the pieces I'm not sure I mind.
live action comic book
It wasn't as good as Suicide Squad. Just disappointed. Margot always a winner!
It fun see girl power
Margot Robbie was great as Harley Quinn, rest of the movie was pretty boring
Had a great time. It was funny, fun, with lots of great action pieces. Go DECU. ReleaseTheSnyderCut
Hadn't seen much for it and have not been a major fan of either DC or Marvel movies. Really enjoyed this one
One of my favorite D.C movies, it had so many action and was great. Really recommend this movie.
Very disjointed, whether that's a result of an incompetent director or an editor who couldn't put a coherent and engaging story together doesn't really matter. A few funny lines but a lot of dialog seemed contrived. The characters were angry for no good reason. The lead character is a former psychiatrist but this skill is largely glossed over save for one or two references... why? Compared to the razor sharp psychology under the surface of Joker, this film is a poor cousin from the same universe.
slightly better than your typical DC movie
Fun!!! Robbie is fantastic as always and it was wonderful to see Rosie Perez in such a large role in a Hollywood blockbuster!
Harley was definitely the star of the show. Villain was 2 steps above being decent. I didn't care for any of the other characters. Margot is a perfect Harley.
Loved everything, the beginning was a surprise, the middle was just WOW and the end with Harley being Harley and the Birds of Prey starting up was beautiful!
The grenade part was a really good part. I enjoyed the movie a lot would recommend
movie was boring, typical DC flop
Could of been better. Theres so much competition out there though, I guess they did their best.
These reviews on both sides must be fake....this movie was terrible for the most part all around. Almost walked out....
My boyfriend and I thought I was a fantastic movie
Wow this movie was bad.. Very little plot, no tension, eaves of men getting beaten up.   Completely over the top.
A female Version of Deadpool which isn't a bad thing. Lots of action and violence
Ok movie great action tho
Fantástica creo que cada una se roba el show a su manera
It was a great movie. Margot Robbie did an excellent job portraying Harley
Super clever, organic, fun and a whole lot of action!
Even tho I caught the middle part but it was sooo good I’m going again next weekend we the people need part two for birds of prey!
Action and blood! Funny! Was a good movie. I am no critic and easily entertained... but was good
Birds of Prey was one of the most extraordinary movies I've seen. The beginning went back and forth, but it ended up merging perfectly! It's amazing in general.
Some interesting bits but mostly tried too hard
Seemed disjointed
An A+ graphic novel come to life! Fantastic balance of character development and plot, delivered with comedy, action and heart. A damn good time at the movies to start 2020.
Here is a women's empowerment tale in anti-hero clothing.  Birds of Prey: The Fantabulous Emancipation of Harley Quinn is full of visual style. The color palette and cinematography is really attractive. This might be a shot in the arm for the DCEU. The movie leans heavily on the talents of its headliner, Margot Robbie.  The other Birds of Prey, played by Jurnee Smollett-Bell (Black Canary), Mary Elizabeth Winstead (Huntress), and Rosie Perez (Renee Montoya) are distinctly second fiddle in terms of on screen activity and runtime. Ewan McGregor does manage to give the villain Black Mask a distinctly evil quality, but his motivation amounts to a kind of childish petulance which only goes so far. The continuous voice over style gives us that villain's reason d'etre in exposition instead of giving us an actual scene or two of his development. Whereas Todd Phillip's Joker changed the game, BoP gives a more pop slapstick (almost 1960s Batman) vibe. Ultimately Birds of Prey, falls into some of the same 1980s police procedural tropes of which it literally accuses Detective Montoya. The real empowerment story doesn't really kick in until the "Birds" come together in the last act, and by that time all that is left is basically another action movie fist fight. It's fun enough, but not great. The movie seems to have more style than substance. We also get a reminder that that Marilyn Monroe's Gentlemen Prefer Blondes is iconic and is the original.
As a male, I really enjoyed two things in this movie. Violence, and female empowerment. A lot of effort was put into this movie. The comedic bits actually managed to get a chuckle out of me. I like the storytelling aspect of the first act, although it tended to be a little slow, the rest seemed to go fast. Especially the part in the funhouse. It was super entertaining, and I really enjoyed BOP. A must-see for DC fans.
So much fun! Stunt choreography in the third act is as awesome as it can get. Kudos!!!
I thought I was awesome want to see it again
Buena pelicula, para salir a ver con amigos. No hay  que esperar gran cosa, solo hay sentarse y dejarse llevar por la pelicula
It was fun. The visuals were amazing. The characters funny. The action scenes cool
Pretty funny and fun from start to finish.
Enjoyable movie experience and a step from Suicide Squad.
Not the best writing or acting which is saying a lot for a low bar action movie.....sad to say it’s one of marvel’s worst.
Action packed, clever, fun, and Harley!
I love the character Harley Quinn.  this was very well done with lots of action sequences.
Good story, action and funny moments! Margot is great as Harley! I would go see it again.
Margot Robbie was excellent
Fun thrill ride from start to finish
This was a great thrill ride! Harley is a great unreliable narrator and puts a cool spin on the story. Need to see it again to catch all the little details. The soundtrack is excellent and used to drive the story in all the right ways. This is a real comic book film not just a film about comic book characters. All it is missing are the panel lines and whitespaces.
amazingly enertaining!
If you like trash talk...This one for you Compares to DEAD POOL...Broke the record for ridiculous  use of the F### word....Not I'm pressed...,HOW DID  THIS MOVIE  GET SUCH HIGH RATINGS?
the movie sucked, it was boring and stupid. had no real plot, even margo Robbie did not look good in it.
if you like Harley Quinn then you'll love this movie.  both my daughter and I loved this movie. it was awesome and a good story line.
Great action and a must view if you simply would like to enjoy some time at the theatre. Has a decent plot/bit cliche but a good pick for the family.
I liked the story line of the movie and all the action packed fight scenes. It’s hard to believe Harley and Joker split up. Harley sure can hold her own!
many people are upset that joker isnt in the movie but I loved how it showed women empowerment and how harley Quinn grew when separated from a male lead. she made the movie pop. it's a must see.
This was an amazingly fun movie. This was the only comic book movie since the first Deadpool that I want to see again in theaters
Awesome! Margot Robbie is hot as Harley Quinn!
Refreshing

Phenomenal acting, thrilling action, enticing storyline.
Great stylized movie that's unapologetically fun and baddass. It's not trying to win an Oscar, it wants to take you on a wild ride that's simply fun.  Like many DC Films, it makes social statements beyond the fun, which I appreciate. 

If this exact movie was about 4 men doing the same stunts and acting, Bruce Willis would have been called a box office hero. And while I'm a huge Willis fan, Harley Quinn gets my tickets from  now on. Rock on, ladies.
I liked it. Kickass women kicking the shit out of men was cool. not a movie for kids!
I thought it was absolutely amazing! The perfect amount of funny and serious for a Harley Quinn movie
lots of action and funny
So fun. Everyone was great and funny
Thoroughly entertaining!
Incredible. My new favorite dc movie. So much character and personality to it.
Loved it! Margo Robbie is fantastic, and Ewan MacGregor!!! Omg!
Action!!!! and story!!!!
DC can’t complete with Marvel. What a bad job of writing and bad character development. It was slow and boring 
VERY fun and flashy movie that's secretly about the power of friendship and establishing self-worth. Hilarious. Loved the costume design.
Action,black comedy ,Margo Robbie and the whole cast does a great job on it.The Director Cathy Yan did a great job too.
The acting was good but the plot and storyline was a bit of a disappointment.
nice action and introduction to the Birds of Prey
Very fun with a tone that is perfect for this group of ladies the movie is centered around.
Had a great story and was definitely better than Suicide Squad.
The beginning was a little rough but if you love DC DC Or want to start loving DC you're going to love this movie
Great action sequences! Likeable characters. would love a sequel!
I really didn't like "Suicide Squad", but I do like "Birds of Prey" a lot. The plot makes a lot more sense, most of the characters are very likable and cool in their own way, and just as in SQ, Margot Robbie is just brilliant and hilarious. For me, the other "birds" like Canary (no pun intended) and Huntress had just the right amount of backstory, and enough of their own, distinctive personality to stand out as someone I would want to see more of. Especially "Huntress" was quite intriguing, and I dare say I would probably watch a solo origin story movie of her (can't say the same about pretty much anyone from the "Suicide Squad").

And then there are the action scenes, that are all at the very least cool and fun, and some of them are really pretty amazing to watch; Harley and Canary show some great moves, and there are moments where it almost feels like watching a John Wick fight scene (which is not coincidental as they hired a choreographer from JW3).

Overall, not a break-out exceptional comicbook movie, but a really fun, crazy action-romp that I would actually recommend to anyone to see (and that I will probably actually see a second time).
Was very jumbled. Back and forth perspectives.
The movie is good. If you want to watch a funny, fun, butt kicking movie this weekend, check Birds of Prey!
I would love to have had some more funny Harley moments. I think that the reason she stole the show in Suicide Squad was because of her humor and wit, Birds of Prey definitely shows a different side her. The movie takes a while to develop a clear plot, but overall it was a fun watch and had some pretty intense and entertaining fight scenes!
Great movie!  My wife and I really enjoyed it.
I thought the movie was ok worth a 2nd watch 4sure
Hilarious and action packed, definitely a must see!
Watched it 3 days ago. I never expected it to be great but yeah its a "GREAT MOVIE". MARGOT owned the role of Harley Quinn! Its a movie from the Point of View of Harley Quinn thats why its crazy and action loaded. Its a 9.7/10 for me. Its sad that there is a Corona Virus scare here in Asia(Singapore) right now so nobody want to go to a crowded place we are only 5 in the cinema that day so definitely it will lower the Box Office rating of this movie. But I loved it!
Loved it! money well spent
Constantly more and more happening, this movie won't leave you bored for sure.
Wax expecting much more and it was difficult to stay awake for it! Thumbs down!!
Great action scenes.
Comedic and very decent action scenes.
it sucked !! WB STILL DOESNT GET IT !!!!
Don't recommend. Watchable but not enjoyable. It was marginally better than Suicide Squad. Story and acting was ok but it just didn't connect with the audience. It definitely tried to be too many things and failed at all of them - break up movie, Deadpool movie, empowerment movie, fun - FAIL. The theater was full but oddly quiet and during the jokes only a handful of people laughed which made the experience even stranger. Halfway through I was asking how long is this movie? Are they almost finished? It was getting unbearable.
This move is pretty awe full! Only thing good Is Margot Robbie as she is still fantastic portraying Harley Quinn! Though ever bit of the rest of the movie will make you go "wtf they should've paid me to watch this crap!". Every actresses and actor was a let down to the story and character development!  Not mentioning the Huntress was the worst thing happen to the silver screen in history! I wish you can get a refund for the brain torcher I have witnessed
I went to watch it expecting not much. I liked the portrayal of Harley's character in Suicide Squad, so I figured why not. This movie had the action scenes though a little lack luster.  Overall it was entertaining though I felt it was missing something and I'm not talking about the parents who decided this movie was appropriate for their toddlers to watch because they were there. Just something. Btw, loved that Rosie Perez was in it!
Definitely a good flick but if you watch the trailer it kinda gives away the movie. Woulda been nice to see a prequel to how Harley and Joker broke up and or what caused it to lead to her own individual persona.
Good flick. Ewan played Black Mask perfectly.  Robbie, Jurnee and Mary Elizabeth were three hearty of this film.  Rosie is not one of my favorite actors but she did well.

watch it and decide for yourself.
I like the new tone and direction of these new phase of movies from wonder woman and on. This movie in particular benefits a lot from it and giving the cast a chance to own their roles.
This best is one badass movie.
Margot Robbie shined in a story that could have been screened on any TV channel.... She rocks... Just needs better movie
Great movie. Costumes where a little cheesy but made for a Fox movie. I have the movie 3.5 stars because of ending credits. The movie is a must see for woman empowerment.
This is a bad movie, the direction is mediocre or at least shows a serious lack of experience,the history makes no sense, and the humor is bland, the fight scenes are good, but the worst crime of this movie is the fact that it has absolutely nothing to say.
Everything I expected! FUN
This movie had it's moments. It had great action which was also mixed with a blend of female dominance. Unfortunately, the movie lacked on sections of good humor but that doesn't ruin the fact that Birds of Prey is a great installment to the DCEU.
great popcorn film, very entertaining!
I loved the majority of the movie! There was one scene that didn't really fit very well but besides that it was worth watching! Honestly really excited for a Harley Quinn follow up!
A better film than Suicide Squad, with the R rating adding to the fun, along with some good acting and humor, but it felt kind of scattershot in pieces.
It was amazing! Love it
This movie had some good and bad. To much jumping around, never really any suspense, kinda corny. But I did enjoy some of the action scenes, great cast, and liked both Canary and Huntress. Ebd of the day it got 3 stars, decent but could have been better imo
This movie will always be timeless to me!
And I liked Harley Quinn in the movie too
This movie comes off as original and unique at a time when it feels like we have seen every possible interpretation of comic book movie. The smaller story allowed each character to have their own motivations (other than the whole "let's team up and save the world!") and I liked that they took the time to flesh-out the connections between the characters. It was definitely an enjoyable watch and a worthy addition to DC's steadily improving line-up.
Very entertaining, great casting and beautifully shot.
I love it , it was so amazing.  I’m so laughing for Harley Quinn tried to eat egg sandwich after that the cop women stole her arm fell of the floor.
This movie suffers from the Extended DC universe. the movie itself is fine but it is filled with continuity errors or things that hit a lot of issues in the extended universe. It tries so hard to be Deadpool it ventures into lol so random territory. it uses characters who hold nostalgic value to fans but fails to really use them to their fullest. batman and joker just apparently took a vacation for this movie even when a new vigilante group that has little qualms killing has moved in.
Birds of Prey is one of the best DCEU movies of all time. The plot is awesome and characters are well developed. The graphically violent sequences are terrific, because all actors are very well rehearsed for action sequences. Thanks to Christina Hodson, the script is well written and actually worked for the movie. The characters' costumes are well designed and their hairstyles and makeup look neat. Overall, Birds of Prey will be a perfect choice for audiences and will be a fun ride during the movie.
Birds Of Prey is a really good sequel that greatly improves over its predecessor, but also an interesting standalone film. It's very refreshing to see Harley's character to be expanded after the events of Suicide Squad and given a little more depth.
Also I think it's wonderful to have an all female cast, by giving it a new perspective, especially in a DC movie.
Plus there are incredible well choreographed fight sequences, which gives the film liberty to give fans, a much grittier and quite violent experience.
And the dark humour is well done. The pacing maybe a bit off at times and might not be a masterpiece, but with all said it's an enjoyable movie from beginning to end!
Recommended in Dolby Cinema. 😁👌🎥🍿🥤
good movie, pacing is a little off. but great otherwise!
Didn’t have any expectations going into this movie, but absolutely loved it!
The movie was average, a little cheesy but still okay
Birds of Prey tries to be many things, and when it fails, which is pretty much every scene, it heavy-handedly falls back to crotch-kicking, gratuitous violence (face-peeling, anyone?) and borderline rape scenes that are just cringe-worthy.
O melhor filme de quadrinhos em eu me diverti e consegui entrar na trama, principalmente nas cenas de ação. A DC acertou mais uma vez e o carisma da Margot Robbie é incrível. AMEI❤❤❤❤
Amazing plot and action! Love the acting and a must see!!!🙏💕💕
Wow! Funny, action packed and interesting characters. Loved it from start to finish.
I liked the actors. 😌👌
Great film, hilarious, lots of action and good storyline.
it made George Clooney's Batman Oscar worthy. so BAD D.C. When will you learn
Loved it from beginning to end but I wish Jared Leto made an appearance in it
Very good and artistic movie
Love it! Such a great movie. Highly recommend
Went with my grandson - at his request - not knowing what to expect and acting though that it was a good out of the norm movie. Too many unnecessary “F” bombs for my taste.  My grandson thought it was a great movie so I’m happy.
Fantastic and fun! Very entertaining from beginning to end. The interactions between the characters was excellent and McGregor was am intriguing villian.  I highly recommend this movie.
Reminded me of transformers. All action and no substance.
it was fun! Fanboys won't like it because DC changed the back story of the characters, but I thought it was great!
This movie was just too predictable and bland.  Fight scenes could not even save this mess.
Great action and gorgeous visuals. Good story and killer soundtrack. A fun time!
Movie is good. Arguably the 3rd best DCEU movie. I did have some issues, it's not a GREAT comic book movie, but it is really fun and enjoyable one. May have to see it again. With the first suicide squad i didn't really like how they portrayed how she fights. But with this movie Ms. Robbie did awesome with those scenes. Action is nice as well.
Aves de Rapina é o meu filme favorito da DC!!! É divertido, violento, peculiar e os detalhes são o que fazem esse filme ser incrível. É espetacular e todo mundo tem que ver!!!
FINALLY getting to watching women kick ass on screen was awesome.
Simplemente aburrida, con una mala historia.
so fresh and fantastic
So much action! Loved it!
Waited years to see Black Mask in a movie and he's wasted in this film.

DC have wasted two great Batman villains on a poor story and film. 
Cassandra Cain was a total mess, if you're not going to be the character don't use the name.
Film felt like it was trying to hard to be the DC's Deadpool.
After the big fight at the funfair it felt like they didn't know how to end the film and it was too rushed. 
Deaths were too rushed but really shouldn't have happened as now you can't redeem how bad the characters were portrayed.

Over all, if you want to see something Harley Quinn, watch the the new show...
It surprised me a lot! Even though it is an R-rated film, there is a lot of fun in this film that could be applied to a PG-13-rated film, with no connection to the Suicide Squad, this film surprises you in EVERY way
I had a blast. The fight scenes were on point and fun. Each character plays their own unique role and the actors and actresses work cohesively. Definitely recommend.
Alot better than expected!
loved this movie! go see it.
Fun, and loud, and explosive. Great popcorn movie. Better than suicide squad and justice league, not as good as Wonder woman.
so it's a good movie a good apology for that $#!% suicide squad movie it's a lil deadpoolish but it works, this one deserves sequels.
It was ok like 67% out of 100 ok
It was really good Margot Robbie is nailing it. 
it was written true to Harley's style and fashion sense..... and personality. The acting was good. The action was sufficiently executed. Funny in good quantity.

It was a solid, good movie. We enjoyed it.
This movie was amazing! Was reading other reviews that said it was horrible, just the opposite! Margo and the ladies did an amazing job.
Good movie so funny wild
Fun non stop action and comedy. Love the direction the DCEU is going with this.
it's a good movie and a great addition to the DCEU. Some characters get sidelined, but all ladies kick ass!
messy but entertaining
Margot Robbie and the cast was brilliant.
Dislike would be victor zsazs.. didnt care for his portrayal of the character
A fun and stylish ride when it wasn't stalled by its pointless and beside the point plot. Why have Harley say a dozen times that she broke up with Joker? And none of the other characters is nearly as interesting as Harley so why waste time with them 
great movie and entertaining.
Liked this one! Harley, Black Canary, and Huntress stand out as they each deal with Gotham City crime boss Black Mask, his murderous henchman, Szaz, and his army of thugs. A lot of humor, fight scenes, and girl power bring the birds together and, overall, it's a great progression for Harley in this movie that's fun and far superior to Suicide Squad.
Movie was funny and action non stop
It was just fun.  And girl power was evident.  Great music.  loved the canary scream.  Margot Robbe is really Harley Quin
Decent Harley Quinn movie, not much of a Birds of Prey Movie.  That’s something I would’ve left out of the title and let it surprise people.
Loved it!!! Margot Robbie is amazing 😍
The movie was very entertaining throughout. Lots of jokes that just added to the randomness of it all.
A funny action filled ride
Fun, badass and refreshing, this movie respects Harley's spirit from her more recent comic runs, especially her solo series. The fights felt real and really freaking cool, and not in the boring femme fatale way that male directors keep giving us with characters like Black Widow. The characters designs looked cool and wearable, and all of them were extremely hot (special shout out to roman's gold look and eyeliner). I'm so thankful for this portrayal of the Rogues as colourful, dramatic and violent, and having interpersonal relationships, not just a series of completely unaffiliated guys with guns and a tame aesthetic, like we've seen before. I hope future portrayals will be in the same vein, and not just independent mini bosses. I also loved that we actually saw a lot of Gotham, its citizens and their relationships with the more infamous Gothamites. The city is almost a character in its own right in the comics, but in the movies it often feels as if it was only a backdrop, an afterthought, and that the story could be set anywhere else. 

I do wish they hadn't tried to pretend that this was Cassandra Cain, because it isn't and it's weird to put her in this story, but she was a cool kid and it was easy enough for me to pretend like she was just a kid named Cass and still enjoy myself. 

This movie gives me hope for the future of DC's live-actions adaptations, I really hope it's not a one-time thing. I'm excited to see what comes next.
such a genuinely fun movie with amazing action from start to finish, a definite MUST see!
Great movie if you like guns and violence but don’t favor a storyline
It was ok not great...
I absolutely loved this movie. If I could rate it more than a 5 I would
Not good.totally bastardizes this iconic character. I wanted to like it. Just couldnt.
It was a fun, colorful movie that didn't try to be anything more than a good time and I really respect that
Was action packed, and very funny
Ewan McGregor was a great Black Mask. Harley Quinn was very much like the comic book Harley. Margot Robbie did a wonderful job. The rest of the female protagonist's were awesome. The fight scenes are the best I have ever seen in any superhero movie except maybe Winter Soldier. The costumes were great.  Definitely recommend!
Nothing more then ok
Terrible. Don’t waste your money.
Muito pika, melhor filme do dceu sem nem prometer.
This is not the movie I expected. Disconnected and ridiculous. Waste of money.
Loved It!!!  Could have had more, but is a great set up for future movies.
Good time.. Was just a fun ride. Very much has a Deadpool like quality to it.. And Im good with that.
Very fun and enjoyable movie.
Good movie, gives a little back story on why so is like this now.
Just all over the place, wasn't as action packed till it got to the end.
good fun movie. margot played the part well
Bad, it was just bad.
my daughter liked the action
Vista #BirdsOfPrey.... Mí corazón de fan de DC quería que la película cambiara en mí la idea preconcebida que tenía de ella, lamentablemente no fue así, es una película terriblemente mala que trata de copiar el estilo de Deadpool con Flashbacks y el rompimiento de la cuarta pared por parte de #HarleyQuinn para darle dinamismo a la película y de esta forma tratar de disimular la historia tan mediocre que lleva detrás, escenas de acción pésimamente elaboradas sobre todo #ReneeMontoya (una actriz de casi 60 años), provoca vergüenza ajena ver como le pide permiso a una parte del cuerpo para mover la otra en medio de un enfrentamiento con un tipo que pesa el doble que ella, #CanarioNegro irreconocible a pesar de que actúa bien pero también sus coreografías son terribles, es inexplicable por que al momento de usar el mítico grito del canario de los cómics no fueran capaces en producción de agregarle el trino de un Canario para mejorar el efecto al momento de usar su poder, #CassandraCain es un personaje que se supone que es el eje de la trama principal (está por que tenía qué estar), #BlackMask y #ViktorZaz dos villanos geniales de Batman en los cómics convertidos en una pantomima y en puros villanos de opereta (hasta su muerte es ridícula), la película en sus primeros 30 minutos me pareció soberbia gracias al carisma de #HarleyQuinn lamentablemente después de eso cae en picada gracias a un pésimo guión, ella y #Huntress junto con la Hiena son lo único rescatable de la película..
Simplemente hay pocas cosas rescatables de una película basada en cómics que muestra un absoluto desdén por los cómics y sus lectores (que siguen siendo hombres mayormente), no voy a negar que es entretenida pero que una película sea entretenida no quiere decir que sea buena, y a pesar de tener una clasificación R como excusa para poder patear la mayor cantidad posible de testículos (conté 11 veces por lo menos) no deja de tener semejanzas con la nefasta #BatmanyRobin de #GeorgeClooney y al igual que con esta película los chistes no hacen reír, casi podrían hacer parte de un mismo universo.

Una película que no recomiendo para nada...
It was amazing everything I expected from a Harley movie .. good jokes .. good action scenes and it was just perfect a1
A DC equivalent of Deadpool, though not derivative. A+ effort from Margot Robbie.
Colorful, delightful, feminist Deadpool. Go see it!
The movie was great, but it sometimes dragged on a little bit. Other than that it was great.
An entertaining film
The worst movie i have seen in many years. One star is only for that there was an actual plot.
I like all the actresses and actors in the movie. Although, it’s missing something. The music doesn’t come together with the movie and the fight scenes are good but to much slow motion. There is a lack of caring. I feel no reason to care. They do good but it’s not landing on point. 
loved everything about it! written by a woman, directed by a woman, produced by an amazing woman and actor... great cast of Kick-Ass women giving a serious beat down to the scumbags of Gotham! I wish this were real life!
Don't waste your time with this film it was truly a trash heap. All the good scenes were flown by seconds and rips off alot of elements from Suicide Squad. Movie uses lazy narration and animation to progress the story. The Joker and Harley relationship is broken up before we can really understand the characters.  Harley is way to aware and the rest of the cast are just a waste of potential. Cassandra and Montoya could've been discarded for a better story. The amount of male hating is pretty ridiculous no child should see this movie it is pretty bad. This is DC/WB's worst attempt at making another film for the DCEU and probably the worst step back for a franchise in history.
A lot of action movie clichés and the script is pretty clunky at times, but the ending scene(s) and the feminist tone make up for it. Robbie nails it again.
Surprisingly fun and entertaining.
Margot Robbie did a great job as Harley Quinn and the supporting cast was decent. Weak points here being the main bad guy, even though Evan McGregor did a fantastic job, the music mixing and some cinematography *ahem*slowmotion*ahem*.
Good points were the fight-choreograpy and scenes were the characters got together and interacted.
Almost all the theatres are devoted to this mindless comic book drivel. It says something about the current culture when the movie going public only cares about escaping as far away from reality as they can get.
The story was just bad. The villains were boring and one dimensional with no clear motive than basically being bad because they were men(litterally no other reason) and the protagonists were women. The jokes were not that funny either, and I found myself laughing at how bad the movie was, rather than laughing to the movies attempts at "jokes". The actionsequenses was loud, flimsy and just went on for way to long, which was very off-putting to me. The only character I kinda liked was Harley Quinn, but there isn't much to say about her either. With that said though, I'd like to add that iBirds of Prey is far from the worst movie I've ever seen, and I can somehow see how some people can find this film entertaining even though I did not.
I like the whole movie as a whole but the only dislike was her going into an police department with no problem like thats no possible
great girl power movie
Awesome movie. Lots of crazy action . Plus she’s hot as hell....
I loved all the details. Very similar to the new 52 Harley Quinn ❤
Great movie!! Action packed from start to finish
Why has barely anyone been to seen this?! Everyone gives their all, with the only gripe being Winstead's Huntress - not for her acting but her lack of screen time with every moment of hers being amazing. It's fun, creative and new, with a unique way of telling a story.
Surprisingly very good
good looking cast not great storyline
Weak at best. The ending was the only decent part of the movie.
a lot of action given that it was mostly women actresses, some would of assumed more drama, but you get a Deadpool sense of vibe.
A lot of fun. Good acting, action, story. The Deadpool of the DCEU
Fun, colorful, Margot and crew do a nice job. I like it more that Shazam and Captain Marvel
This film is just wonderful, it is very fun and full of action, I loved it and also in a good mood
Pretty good, the plot was slightly confusing at times tho due to the cutbacks to earlier moments without much buildup and whatnot. Other then that, I enjoyed it!
Loved it! Sequels!!!
Really well done! Probably my second favorite movie in the DCEU (if we're still calling it that). It was just a lot of fun.
This is a feminist(subtle) pop-cultural gangster comic drama. Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn sizzles in every frame. This is the funniest and the most R-rated DC has ever been.
All the actors, the plot
I like that they made it rated r and they kind of dug into Harley Quinn's background and she kind of shrinked a couple of the characters great action but not too over the top
An Action packed- fun ride movie
Fun, action, good action I passed a very good time.
Fun female badass John Wick kind of movie, with some good humor to go along with it.
Witty sense of humour and amazing acting. Everyone has something in common with character of Harley Queen. See for yourself new face of Gotham 😍😍😍
very well round and balance accion and funny as well
DC is getting better at making these movies, but why call it birds of prey when the majority of the movie is intro or background to each of the characters... they tried to use the deadpool story telling by going into the movie then going back to tell the rest of the story, but it just made the movie choppy and not flow as well. It kind of failed to have the humor or flow deadpool did. 
The villian was pretty awesome. Harley Quinn and the other women were bad ass, but Harley contrasts better with all the guys. The fight scenes were amazing and very well done, especially when they team up. 

overall not aweful, but still not there.
With a wild theme of teamwork and a hilarious story, I thought this movie was fantastic
fun movie, almost skipped it due to all the haters. glad I didn't. really enjoyed Margot Rubio's performance 
A diverse all women leading cast.
Was very entertaining love Margo Robbie
It tries to be deadpool, and tries to be john wick, and fails bug time
First let me begin by saying I am a Marvel fan. I have an affinity for the suicide squad and more specifically Harleen Qunizel. The movie was great. I wish there was a little more action in the beginning, however the ending was amazing and beyond action packed. I'm all about women superheroes or anti superheroes in this case. There are some pretty funny scenes sprinkled throughout the movie. I think the cast was perfect. the film ended in was that was final but also left room for a sequel. all in all great movie. it's a must see.
I loved the action scenes. It made me laugh a lot. The soundtrack is awesome.
It was fine.  A little long and drawn out with all the background stories, and the main premise of the movie was a bit bland.  Some fun action and humor tho.  Enjoyable but might be better at home on the couch.
If you're a Harley Quinn fan you will love this movie! Very fun movie. Plays out like a Harley Quinn comic book.
I'll admit up front that I fell asleep for a good 35 minutes of this. I can't completely blame the movie as I almost chose a nap over seeing it. 

That said, the rest of the movie doesn't exactly blow you away. DC continues to try and differentiate themselves from Marvel, but their movies still just continue to be missing something. Aquaman was a big blockbuster but a mess. Wonder Woman was good but overrated because it's compared to the rest of their lesser movies. BvS has its moments but is way too long and Justice League is just bad. Shazam was good but felt more like Kick-Ass than a big time studio blockbuster. This movie is much the same. Not every super hero movie has to be epic, but DC's just seem to lack scale.
movie was good but not great
Super fun! The action was really well done, the chemistry between the characters is fantastic, and the humor is on point! Probably my favorite DC move yet.
A blast to watch! Margot's Harley was dazzling, her love for the titular character is clear to see through her brilliant performance. The fight choreography was top-notch.

Fun, colourful, refreshing: This flick is definitely worth seeing!
Had low expectations of this movie for obvious reasons. I hoped my expectations would help me enjoy the movie, it didn't.. not looking good for super hero movies for the next few years minus a select few :(.. I fear this is the beginning of the end of super hero movies
Solid movie, fun and enjoyable with a few flaws but nothing detrimental to the final product. Well worth seeing.
Super awesome movie, fun to watch
I wanted to love it. Saw it twice. It’s okay. Harley and Canary are great. Sip is is fun. Montoya was good. For me Huntress was the failure. Okay until they allowed her to speak. Otherwise, check brain at the door, empty your head of Batman knowledge and enjoy. 
Unexpectedly outstanding!!! Margot Robbie steals the show with her portrayal of Harley Quinn and is the true incarnation of the character. The other characters were also quite memorable, with Black Canary and Black Mask's performance. I was laughing my ass off, especially with Harley, Bruce, Cain, and Huntress scenes and the whole ride is a must watch. The action scenes were mesmerising and very creative and the story itself was very fun and entertaining to follow. My only complaint was not seeing Huntress as much as we should have and also a lack of Jared Leto's Joker. All in all, great addition to the DCEU and one of the more memorable ones, coming near close to Wonder Woman.
Great movie. The previews were kinda misleading so the story was fresh and entertaining. There is a small scene after all the credits that I am sure you are going to love.
The music and the action 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Not your typical comic book movie. Colorful and exciting every second.
Sloppy writing and forgetful characters. Some of the fight scenes were painful to watch. Can very clearly see the stuntmen just falling down or waiting around to react to something that's late to happen. Ewan McGregor was definitely the best part of the movie.
Birds of Prey is bad. Like, not Man of Steel or BvS bad but still  pretty sh*t. The action scenes are sweet as f*ck, Black Mask was hilarious, and three out of the four main chicks are spectacular. That said, thenplot is stupid, most of the main characters don't get enough screentime, and the pacing is ass.

Look, this is a fun time if you like Harley or you're into turn-off-your-brain fun but as a movie? It's easily the most meh of the lot.
Movie was good. Better than Suicide Squad. Like they had the Batman villians
Harley Quinn is DC’s answer to Deadpool!
la actriz de harley hace un buen papel, todo el resto de la pelicula es caca, no pierda dinero en esto
Despite some good moments, it's a total (and tonal) mess. So much ripping off of Deadpool 1 + 2...
A must see movie for anyone who is a women, lgbtq+ or any POC. Representation is important and Margot Robbie (and the other producers) did an amazing job at creating a superhero movie that breaks boundaries and redefines the genre
Better than I expected.
A good addition to the DC universe
Margot Robbie is so versatile she can do a anything ! Funny and colorful and crazy But I liked it !
Great acting by *most* of the actors/actresses. GREAT directing! Loved the animation. And... that's all I can say good about the film. Character motivation, across the board, was ... BAD, as in "not logical or what real people would do in these situations. Finally, this was a "girls vs boys" film that portrayed every male in the film as incompetent, dumb, insane, and/or evil. Oh and dialogue was cringy. I do NOT recommend this film.
Best super hero movie yet! Fun, fresh, and an ABSOLUTE MUST SEE!!!
Although showcasing great performances and very good action sequences, lack of character development and a clear pacing problem hold this movie back from being anything more than "pretty good". Enjoyable overall and clearly keeps the streak rolling for the DCEU.
quite boring and there are some moments that are great but the villian is not so no real conflict
was a great and fuckin funny movie !!!
Positive: Girl power Negative: No Joker, and weak plot.
A repetitive film of very low narrative quality, with few notable elements such as the role of Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn, who achieve a moderately entertaining product, but not but that does not end up being good
Fucking awesome. Creative, smart, colourful and loads of fun. The whole cast, crew and everyone involved in the project did a great job. Kudos!
I absolutely loved this movie. It has a slow a start to establish plot and characters. But quickly picks up in the middle and doesn't slow down. Everyone does a great job with what they were given. All in all I loved it and want a sequel.
Very weird movie but funny as hell. Margo Robbie was great!
It was a Smash 5 stars for Bird of Prey
Overall the movie was minimum
Great action sequences and good character interactions and dialogue
Turned out wayyyy better than I though and I love how eccentric but crazy black mask is in the movie 
Love Margot Robbie, very entertaining film, never a dull moment!
This character has so much potential to be deep, interesting and complex in a movie. Unfortunately, this film didn't take advantage of any of those character traits, instead it attempts to hold the audience attention with punches and explosions alone. Even the villain is weak sauce, worth a rent if you're in the mood for an action packed yawner.
It was good, Margot was great, Ewan McGregor was great, fun, action packed
Slow developing movie with no real plot.  Really wanted to like it, but it was frankly a boring action movie.  Almost reminded me of the old Batman and Robin tv show ... just missing the call outs such as "POW", "CRUNCH" etc.
Pretty darn good considering I was wondering how to keep entertained without Joker, but I was impressed! Good fight scenes
Margo kidder was great, but the story and the directing was kind of bland. we were disappointed.
this was so much fun. seriously one of my favorite movies ever.  had a smile on my face the whole time
Plot was stitched together like Suicide Squad.
Entertaining in a silly way. Recommend it as a good way to spend a day.
Not a bad movie.  Harley Quinn is exactly how you should expect her.  Problem with fight scenes.  Half were good and half were bad.  Most of the bad  guys did not have guns in big fights, Harley Quinn sometimes portrayed Domino with how lucky she was.  many scenes were just to not believable to really get into beyond surface level enjoyment... taking over police station with a bean bag gun... Some scenes were purely just femme fetale moments which I understand but do not  really like.

Overall not a bad movie and can watch one or two but do not see a potential for further movies from spin off.
Popcorn flick.  Just okay, but nothing you couldn't wait for dvd for.  Lesser known characters and f-bomb film that seemed to try too hard.  I wish DC would get some better writers.  I would love to see a Christopher Nolan Harley Quinn film!
Action packed is an understatement, Birds of Prey hopefully is the start of DCEU comeback even if the movie had some continuity errors.
This movie is extremely slow paced, half the movie over and you're not even in the main story. There are so many scenes where you question the acting skills of the women (mostly scenes in the police station and with the young kid that steals the diamond). Missed opportunities everywhere, there was one scene that really looked polished and thoroughly thought out with interesting camera angles (Harley entering police station and fight there), everything else was not entertaining me. No interesting camera angles, no music that gives you chills, no character evolution, nothing. I really don't know how critics could love this movie, I for certain found it to be dull and in large portions uninspired or too less inspired given the fact you're portraying the world of a loonatic women.

I was excited for the movie, the trailer had everything I wanted from it, but what the movie ended up being... I can't even really call that a cinema movie, it lacked story, acting skills, pace was too slow and to save a movie just with nice fighting scenes is just to less.
Pretty good movie definitely was worth the time and money.
It was considerably better than I expected. It is better than most DC films. I give it a C-. Margot Robbie was actually really great and I like how they deepened her character. There is utterly no plot or story whatsoever but that is ok since it’s just a dumb action movie. The fight scenes were excellent and original. The casting is unforgivably bad, however. Everyone in the movie except for quin is dull, awkward, pointless, and just not a good fit. The supporting characters themselves are shallow and uninteresting. The actresses and singular actor have atrocious dialogue and make no sense at all. The worst part of the movie, hands down, is Ewan McGregor. He is such a bad fit and it’s such a garbage villain anyways. His powers: whining and putting on a mask for 3 seconds. Yah, that’s it. And yet we are supposed to believe the protagonist is scared of him when she has fought gods, superheroes, and armies? His character drags the whole movie down and causes the ending to fall flatter than Suicide Squad’s. The girl squad are not much better. They are barely in the movie, do not matter, and act like they took the roles after losing a bet. Their scenes are dead air. Huntress especially feels like a lump of mud with a sticky that reads “i am not catnis everdean”. They are all just there to be saved.
The action scenes were good, and it had a surprising amount of Gore. Overall it was ok, nothing super great nothing really terrible either.
Fun popcorn movie.  Lots of cartoon type action with a lot of death and destruction.  Margot Robbie sells the whole premise.  Definitely makes up for Suicide Squad.  The ladies kicked butt throughout the whole movie.  I loved the music which kept the action at a fever pitch.
Good movie....entertaining. Not 5 star good tho.
Better than I expected! Started slowly but continually improved to the climax.
Loved the odd sense of humor and quirky lines. Margot Robbie is amazing and the perfect actress to play Harley Quinn. The rest of the cast did a fantastic job as well. For those who havent not seen it, the after credit joke will make you chuckle.
It’s an origin story that becomes a dark comedy. Pretty good. It was funny at times. I could see a franchise forming if it does well in the box office.
thought it was going to be funnier but all and all it was good
Full of energy and fun to watch throughout!!
Absolutely amazing, one of the best comic book movies I have seen since the Nolan Batman trilogy.
Story line jumped all over the place. Quick paced, little direction. I really enjoyed Harley Quinn (Margot Robbie) in the Suicide Squad, this Movie fails in comparison. Although none of the Characters possess any special Super Powers. Something incredulous will occur later in the Film that will leave you scratching your head. Would make a fine Rental. Not so much a $13 per a person Movie Ticket Film.
More jumbled, hyperkinetic nonsense from DC/WB. Truly in awe at the positive reviews. The writing is atrocious, the acting is laughably bad, the overused slow motion is groan-inducing. Even the music is boring. See it if you enjoy headaches.
If you are a fan of Suicide Squad, I say give this a look. If that movie frustrated you, this one has a lot of the same structure issues but with more action. For me, I overall enjoyed it, but have to say, Suicide Squad edges it out.
It was enjoyable but not amazing. Definitely not for kids. But overall okay.
Harley was great and all, but there better be a huntress and Canary film!
Didn't even make the grade as campy like the 1966 Batman.
Ridiculous action scenes with all men acting like grade c stooges.

Waste of time don't bother with this one.

YUCK
was a good fun movie to watch once. 
the joker needed to come out at least once
Let me start off by saying that Margot Robbie is THE woman for the role of Harley Quinn, just like Reynolds with Deadpool and Jackman with Wolverine. As for the movie, it's very funny, the action is entertaining, and the plot was fairly good. Most everyone did a fine job with their acting, although I wasn't a huge fan of most of McGregor's performance. It's still a fun movie
I wanted more hyenas. I wanted more glitter bean bag bullets. I wanted more semi truck-v-factory explosions. I wanted more baseball bat. I wanted more... But it was fun. I'd watch another one in this universe.
I wish it was longer but very fun movie. Action scenes were good too.
This movie was so much fun! Margot Robbie is a treasure as Harley Quinn and love the introduction of new characters and their interactions. Ewan Mcgregor has never done a bad job in his life and is spectacular in this as well. Fun plot, fun characters, great music, colorful, funny...I would definitely see this again. Husband loved it too.
I love the comedy and I loved the story line. The only thing that I do see a difference between the Marvel movies and DC movies is that Marvel seems to have me connect more with the characters.
Ball to the walls bat shit fun!
Honestly it was a pretty good movie. Some parts were a little slow, but other than that I really enjoyed it.
See this for Margot Robbie! Her take on Harley is wonderful.
Good cast for this DC movie. The scenery was authentic. Margot does a good job leading the movie. Ewan McGregor plays a great bad guy. A visually stimulating movie.
I thoroughly enjoyed the coming together of a female squad. I did not like the voice over narrations and the countless  amounts of glimpses of the past to bring the audience up to speed to tell the story.  it appeared as if it was too much to cram into one movie.
really good movie. my daughter loved it.
Best movie of the year so far!
So refreshing to see an all female cast. Definite must see!
You have to just go for the entertainment. In most of the scenes the characters would have been dead in seconds if the bad guys used guns or were competent. It was as if deadpool was made in the 60s with batman levels of camp.
Was a good movie but the best bit also wasn’t the worst. A lot of action
I wanted to like it but it was just ok.
Movie was so good!!!! I even bought the music album and that is awesome as well!!!
This film was rubbish, characters where bland and the story was week x
This movie, while not boring is a vacuous and empty shell of a story.
I enjoyed it very much. very moments in the movie and the actions scenes were good
So many of the things characters did in the film just don't happen in real life. I know it's a comic book movie, but my complaints are that the movie tries to make people look bad? So many of the things that happen in the film would LITERALLY never happen! They bring in Bernie Sanders references... why?

Too message-y. Too preachy. I went to see a fun movie and got something else. No thank you.
Loveee itttrt make a second now
woke af. uninterrupted roller cocaster of excitement advertisement, in a phlegm atic delirium proving its point to itself all the way to the end. A proper statement to our times.
loved the randomness
It was an outstandingly fun ride!  All the actresses and actors did an outstanding job with their portrayals. Cathy Yan and her crew deserve a great amount of praise.
DC movies just NEVER meet expectations but this game DAMN Close lol I really enjoyed it. I do wish though that she had more signature one liners while she was fighting. It was always before or after a fight scene that she had something to say- but that’s just a small detail.
Great work! I love it, accion and laughs ☆☆☆☆☆
So much fun, Harley Quinn is a jem but the birds of prey made the movie. So much badass fighting, it was awesome
This movies is an all around great time. Felt like someone mixed 90s Tarantino with John Wick, with a healthy dose of Batman: The Animated Series thrown in. For me, this movie is a must see if youre looking for a kick-ass good time at the theater.
Pretty underwhelming, story kinda shit, characters kinda shit. I was kinda looking forward to this movie and thought it would have been a turning point in the DCEU, since the past two DC films AquaMan and Shazam were pretty amazing to say the least. Ewan McGregor did a good job as BlackMask/Roman Sionis, interesting and flamboyant take on the villain but he did a good job. Chris Messina as Zsasz was pretty good. Even though her role wasn’t that big, I really enjoyed Huntress, thought she was the coolest and most interesting of all the “Birds of Prey.” Also they killed the two villains, and that also kinda ruined it for me, although I knew it was gonna happen. Hopefully, my two favorite female characters, Wonder Woman and Black Widows movies will get this bad taste out of my mouth.
What a stupid movie, so pointless and just corny and overall not good. It would be a wate of my time to explain why this movie was terrible. Of course, chics and the young lads will like this one but this isn't a movie for adults because it's beyond ridiculous. 
Girls set the heat, Awesome!
Some parts were kind of slow but the fight seems were well choreographed and the movie overall was action packed.
This was a really fun movie. My only problem, it felt rushed. I think another 15 minutes would have allowed a bit more character/ story development. That said, I’d definitely say I liked it, and recommend it to others.
It was a fun good movie.  Makes you want to see more Harley in future movies.  I did see the early AM movie and it wasn't very crowded which I'm surprise over.   This movie was better than the SHAZAM movie
Reminds me of the Adam West’s Batman series. HORRIBLE
Fun & zany! Exactly what a Harley Quinn movie should be! Great to finally see Black Canary & Huntress on the big screen too, a new interpretation, but the same spirit of their characters.
Some of the outfit choices were debatable. The action sequences were the star of this flick as for the acting it was on par with other comic movies not excelling though. On to comic book accuracy it was very low especially with Cassandra Cain her character was not that represented from the comics it was basically a whole new character
Definitely better than expected
La película tiene problemas de guión, problemas de edición, el ritmo es muy lento en su primera hora. No me enganchó en ningún momento estaba loco porque terminará. Aunque no lo crean prefiero Suicide Squad y hasta Justice League. Hasta el Villano de la película No hacía sentido. En fin la encontré mala, mala.
I personally love the actress and her character.  I think it was poorly written and directed.  Not enough funding to get it upwards of the neighborhood of suicide squad.
I love Margot’s performance. It’s such a fun movie. The soundtrack flow perfectly with the movie.
great movie me and my son loved it.
This movie is so cool, fun and full of violence... I loved!!
Very entertaining superhero flick
birds of prey is a film well done and with good goals. today critics no longer know what a good movie is.
Not unwatchable but wouldn’t watch again.
I liked how they all acted on the movie it was a great movie to show girl power 🙂
Great movie! Ewan McGregor and Margot Robbie shine in an action packed, fun filled film
Good action, girl power galore in this movie. Not much of a plot, but didn't get board with this movie
Amazing movie! Margot Robbie is surreal, an incredible actress. Wonderful cast and songs.
This movie...in fact you can NOT call this a movie! If a #NIGHTMARE ! One person said "Hunteress was amazing" Hunterss was only in the movie for 6 seconds? #WTF! It just goes on and on...making no sense! The #WorstOfTheWorst ! #NoMore #MakeItStop !!!!
Considering that DC isnt going to follow a direct continuity so this seems like a one off. the movie was honestly very enjoyable! I think it was a perfect blend of characters and a good way to establish the possibility of a spin off as well as a great way to lead from Suicide Squad and have Harley establish her own possible solo role. Great for any DC or Harley Quinn fan.
This was a great movie! It was refreshing to see a take on girl power, and while not over sexualizing these characters. Set, costumes, makeup, acting were all amazing! The choreography for fight scenes was so fun and entertaining. Great movie, you should go and see it !
Hshhshshahahahahahahah
I think it was awsome
Birds of Prey (and the Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn) is the eighth film in the DCEU and probably contender for one of the longest titles ever for a film. Despite the film being called Birds of Prey, which was a team comprise of women superheroes,this film is really a Harley Quinn movie. The movie is even narrated and told in the perspective of Harley Quinn. They probably should've called the movie Harley Quinn and friends. I loved Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn from Suicide Squad despite how garbage that movie was so it is great to see her star in her own film.

One of the things I loved about this movie was the fact that it gave a relatively realistic portrayal of Harley Quinn dealing with the breakup with Joker. She didn't just move on straight away, she swallowed herself in sadness and anger before accepting her new self. I also have to praise the rest of the cast and characters as well. Jurnee Smollett-Bell shines as Black Canary by giving a badass women character and Mary Elizabeth Winstead for giving a ferocious performance as Huntress. It is a real shame however, that for a film called Birds of Prey, we don't actually to get see much of the "Birds of Prey". Ewan Mcgregor gives a great performance as Black Mask despite how poorly written the character is. There is honestly nothing about Black Mask, he is just a typical ass villain with no depth to himself whatever or even genuine motivation or backstory. He wants power and diamonds and that is all there is to him. On the other hand, despite the small screentime Chris Messina is able to give a fair amount of character towards the secondary villain Victor Zsasz. This is based on a source material so I have to give a nod to the fact that the character of Cassandra Cain played by Ella Jay Basco is butchered and kind of pathetic. Movies of course don't have to be the same as the source material and the change to the character was necessary for Harley Quinn and the story they were telling. However, there is no really stand out moments from Cassandra Cain with the only memorable thing was stealing and getting saved all the time. A shame really.

Despite the relatively lower budget of this film compared to typical superhero movies, the action scenes are phenomenal and well choreographed. Additionally, the soundtrack is unique and adds towards the movie. The movie also has a great visual style with colourful sets and storytelling with a chaotic order that adds to Harley's character. Still, the screenplay is not great honestly. Some of the dialogue are quite cheesy,generic or lacking in genuine banter between the characters. By the end of the film, I didn't really feel like the bond between these characters were earned or should even exist. I also think it should be noted that this is a feminist film and it really shows. For example, there is not even remotely one good male character in this entire film. It really pushes the women power message straight in your face which could have been done a little better.

Nevertheless, despite the flaws, this movie continues to be a step in the right direction for the DCEU and I hope Warner Bros continues to maintain and exceed this quality of superhero movies. To anyone reading this, I recommend giving this movie a watch because even if there are some issues with the movie, you will still come out feeling that you had a good time.
am i missing something? the acting was not good at all.. in many parts you could feel like they were reading from a script, uncharacteristically Mary Winstead's (Huntress) acting seemed unconvincing, Ewan seemed a bit like he was trying too hard as well. Also the quality of the picture, the lighting and tone.. it just didnt seem very sharp, all the colors were good.. but something seemed off about the detail of the visuals.. Joker's visual detail was amazing, but here it just seemed bland.. I'm not referring to the cinematography as a whole, but just the tones and lighting felt kind of off for some reason.. wasn't really feeling the flow of the story either. I loved Joker, Wonder Woman.. but I couldn't really get into to this.
Plot! Acting! Action! Humor! POW!
It was awesome, don’t listen to the negative reviews. Margot Robbie delivered a stellar performance, as well as the rest of the cast.
Coulda been longer. Would not have minded more back story about harlequin and the girl
it was far better than I expected. Really enjoyed watching Harley do her thing!
It was an OK watch. Nothing spectacular. Looks like the director and writers missed the deadline for the script and was out of ideas, so they passed it on to a team of high school writers. I would wait for it to stream.
Great movie with tons of laughter and action! Go to the movies to enjoy and not criticize every little detail.
A bit of tarantino mixed with John wick and deadpool . Fantastic fight scenes with great characters . Another really good dc film ; )
Really? Black mask died and without his mask
Perfect for Harley fans who wanted more after Suicide Squad
Not bad. I don't know anything about the Birds of Prey in terms of comic book backgrounds, so I came in just willing to absorb whatever was presented on screen. In all, I thought this movie was fun for the most part, but it took too long to tell the simple story: crime lord wants his property back and Harley goes through hoops to deal with the situation. Lots of narrative sidestepping between action set pieces, which do, admittedly, deliver in terms of style and speed, but much of the character development took a little too long to get told. The big team up (the actual Birds of Prey team, that is) was fun, but each character other than Harley kept getting "introductory" moments even towards the end of the film. And speaking of supporting characters, Huntress and Canary are great. I don't know how interested I'd be in seeing another solo Harley Quinn film, but I do think a spin-off with Huntress and Canary could be really fun. One sour note: I don't like how literally all the male characters were portrayed as bad guys. All of them. Not all guys are bad. We know this. The filmmakers know this... but the only characters who accomplished good deeds in this film were female. Female empowerment is obviously a great message, but to make the other side look bad so others can look better is not an empowering approach to emphasizing that message. In short: fun movie, not the best DC film in my opinion, but fun. Action scenes are good. Huntress and Canary were cool. Pace dragged just a little bit/could've been streamlined a tad more. Female empowerment good... at the expense of male characters, not so good. 3/5 stars (or 7.0/10).
We loved it .. surprised it wasn’t a surprise at the end .
Love love love!!! I wanted to turn around go back in the theater and watch it again.
I thought this was great! It’s a lot of fun. There were some moments I thought broke the flow of the story and I wish they fleshed out Huntress more but other than that I had a great time with this movie.
Movie was great very well done. Margot Robbie was amazing as Harley Quinn once again she is just perfect.
Funny, entertaining, amazing. Every new character was likeable and well written, Every fight scene was amazingly choreographed, and Harley was beautiful.
Brash, funny and a damn good time! Action was AWESOME, the cast was pitch perfect. I was laughing out loud at the jokes or wincing when the hits landed cuz they don't shy away from the violence. Honestly couldn't have asked for better from a kick ass funny movie
amazing! just could leave out the cursing! other than that it was fantabulous!
Excellent movie!! Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn is amazing!. A lot of action and funny moments. Definitely must see!
Birds of Prey is a mountain step up from suicide squad! This is the Harley Quinn that we all wanted to see! Margot Robbie and all the other ladies kicked so much ass! Go see this movie!
Do not see this movie it will give you a migraine.
Wasn't bad but wasn't that good either. Other than Huntress it's unclear from the back stories how these ladies got their fighting prowess and it didn't quite flow for me. Loved the setting of the finale which took me back to Tim Burton's vision of Gotham.
I've been worried about this movie since it was announced. I expected a toxic feminist train wreck, but it's the female empowerment movie everyone says can't be enjoyed. It never took itself too seriously, and had fun with wacky, and serious characters. The action was solid, and well executed. The jokes land 8 out of 10 times.
Worst movie I ever seen! Feels like another suicide squad. Waste of money
Margot is Great but DC has done it again. 1 step forward and 2 steps back!
My boyfriend and my sister like it was good movie watch together
Was a good origin story for this all female superhero team.
the film isn't bad, it's kinda MEH. The best part about the film is the character of Black Canary
Birds of Prey is for folks who love Guy Ritchie action and Venom's levels of giddiness. It's cartoonish and vulgar and fun, with an amazing soundtrack. Every actor turns in a great, over the top performance. It has next to nothing in common with Suicide Squad. 

It departs pretty far from the comics but so far, the best comic book movies have.

Margot Robbie is a joy to watch, so is Rosie Perez. And I almost yelled in the theater when Ali Wong showed up. 

The fight choreography is delightful, the violence is cartoony and graphic. It is pretty sweary, but that's what an R rating is for.
This is a complete waste of time. Period. 
I loved Birds of Prey. It is Fantabulous 😊 It is brash, colourful, violent, silly, comic, and at the same time has pathos and is emancipating. Those women kick some serious arse! The music is fantastic. Let the whole thing wash over you and emerge grinning into the light.
really not much better than suicide squad. didn't really need to be made. good fight scenes?
Great movie!! girl power every character have a big moment love it. DC on tge right path.
It was a fun movie. Didnt love the story line though.
Margot Robbie has built Harley Quinn into a dry and witty badass that sits firmly in the same awesome niche as Ryan Reynolds and Deadpool! Fun, unapologetic, and packed with incredible fight scenes; this movie had me smiling the entire time!
There might have been a good movie there. Or two good movies there. Or three. The trouble is they wanted to shove all the ideas in at once, and the whole kitchen sink approach just doesn't work. There were major characters appearing in the third act. It had some stuff going for it, but it's just not worth your time or money when there are more coherent movies out there.
It's a great movie with importance to every character and deals with the story with a non linear approach with engaging narration by Margot Robbie excellent action sequences good cinematography great sound track excellent performances from every character a total fun riot  and a must watch for everyone
The only thing good about this movie was Rosie Perez.  She is the only reason I did not give this garbage fire a 1/2 star.  

The pacing of the movie was horrible, the action was downright comical "and not in the good way".  And the rest of the actors/actresses were just downright horrible.  I didn't know it could be possible to have a bad "A" list Harley Quinn movie but boy oh boy did they make a bad one.  

My theater was almost completely empty.  There were maybe 15-20 people in the showing and two groups of people actually got up and left mid-movie.  "I've not seen that in YEARS.  

After leaving I did some research about how this could have failed so hard.  

The Director was literally a nobody with almost zero experience with a film of this budget and actors of this nature.  She has 4 previous credits to her name.  3 short films and some movie called Dead Pigs in 2018.  

The writer also had close to zero experience with the exception of Bumblebee.  But we all know how horrible that movies writing was.  

I have no clue how these two landed their jobs.  

Anyways, if you've not been to see this movie yet, don't waste your hard-earned money, you're better off doing something else with it.
What a kick ass film. Margot Robbie was born to play Harley and Huntress was absolutely incredible. All I can say is I want MORE!
So much fun! Loved it!
No substance.  Wait until the DVD comes out to see.
The movie itself is pretty good, with impresive costumes. The story itself wasn't that much explored, but anyway, good movie.
Margot Robbie was amazing. The R rating made it better as we got to see Harley Quinn be her true self. A must see!
This was the worst DC movie I've seen.  Especially after Joker. Your better off just buying or renting Joker for the same price as the ticket and enjoying a great movie instead of this crappy one. The plot was so distracted and the characters were so far from what they should have been. I can't believe this was actually a thing. If anything this just portrayed Harley as a weak little girl while she is actually an insane, terrifying, strong women. Literal garbage.
Movie was all over the place. Nothing worth Bragging about.
It was funny and entertaining. Needed more action.
I really didnt find it all that interesting to watch.  I was about to leave early to avoid the severe weather that was coming but had to finish the movie.  Not a movie that would recommend to have to see it in the movies.
I liked everything about this movie!!
Absolutely above and beyond exceptional. This movie really captures the comic book spirit of Harley Quinn and Black Mask. As much as I love Arrow, this movie also goes back to the core comic book Black Canary which is really nice to see. Huntress is also a bit of a different spin than the standard, but it works. It's also worth mentioning that the action scenes are very well shot and choreographed. Nah, screw that. The whole movie is that way.
Worst TRASH i have ever seen
Not is the best movie of the universe of Dc but is a good movie
This movie was a fantabulous pile of garbage. I really tried to find something to enjoy about this film, but that was an exceedingly hard task. I guess the action scenes were pretty good up to a point. Some of the characters could have been good, but were mistreated and so far fetched from their comic counter parts. If it wasn't for the fact that someone else bought my ticket, I would have been more upset by the money wasted.
This is how a DC movie should be done. The stakes aren't world ending, the action kicks ass and the comedy is on point. Again Margot steals the light as Harley, but Ewan's Black Mask is a joy to watch.
It was a lot of fun, very much in the same vein as Deadpool, which is really the right tone to hit with Harley Quinn. I loved everything about Huntress, she was a standout for me. Black Canary brought a lot of heart to the film - and I liked that the movie devoted time to giving it's characters backstory, and emotionally resonating scenes.

Black Mask was 100% the best impression of Sam Rockwell in Charlie's Angels & Iron Man 2 that I have ever seen. So good on you, Ewan McGregor.
Valeu pelas cenas de humor e pela ação. Achei o começo violento demais sem necessidade. Deveriam aprender com Spielberg que violência explícita é desnecessária.  Gore demais. Mas vale uma ida ao cinema.
It was such a great representation of Black Canary that all fans have been dying to see
Solid movie! Better than Suicide Squad.
For women, by women, about empowered women
Colorful visuals and a bitchin' soundtrack with sick action scenes (think Hit-Girl in ''Kick-Ass'' level of SICK) Margot Robbie's Harley Quinn is annoyingly charming and her chaotic bisexual energy is off the charts -- just the way Harley is supposed to be. Another character that stands out is definitely Black Canary. Overall, despite some missteps and misguided choices that I think most DC fans can agree on, the movie is fun, energetic and worth watching for sure. There's a little something for everyone.
Prácticamente es Harley Queen y las otras es un cinta que solo debio ser de Harley las demás quedan de sobra, y la trama es meh, la verdad es que hay pocos momentos buenos.
Birds Of Prey is a Rollercoaster Movie. It has heart, Great Action Scene and was Really Really Funny. This Movie felt like it was ripped right out of a Comic Book. The Action Scene were some of the best I have ever seen in any comic Book Movie, in thanks to Chad Stahelski who was brought on to help with the action scenes.  The whole cast were very good, but special mention goes to Margot Robbie, Ewan McGregor and surprisingly Jurnee Smollett-Bell and Ella Jay Basco, who is one of the best Child actors I think that is working. Cathy Yan does a great Job with these Characters and I hope she comes back to do another one because I would love to see another movie with this set of Characters. Only Bad point I had was I would of liked to have seen Black Canary use her Canary Cry more.
LOVED IT!!!!!!!😘😘😘😘😘⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾
When I first saw the set pictures and the trailer for this movie, I was kind of underwhelmed and unimpressed but this movie turned out a real good. It wasn't extraordinary or grand but it was pretty decent/good. The only thing that bothered me was the lack of screentime for Huntress and Black Canary. Harley Quinn was great, Margot Robbie did an excellent job once again. Didnt particularly care about Cassandra Cain. Renee Montoya was decent. I hope the sequel (if there's one) focuses more on Huntress and Black Canary, maybe they can add Oracle. Overall, it's pretty good, yeah.
we thought it awesome excellent Love Margo Robbie as Harley
I thought there was a lot of fun and exciting moments in the movie also felt there was a lot of stuff unneeded stuff as well. Really got a punisher war zone throughout the whole film.
Really good, definitely an improvement on suicide squad!
Definitely my favorite DC movie. I know the bar isn't too high, but frankly I don't think the bar was ever set until this came out. I find myself calling Margot Robbie Harley Quinn everytime i refer to her, similar to how I can't help but refer to RDJ as Tony Stark. She's a perfect fit. I was worried it'd be sort of a "Man Bad" kinda thing but it was actually really great at conveying empowered characters without crapping on the opposite sex! Let's support this movie so DC knows to continue making stuff like this.
Cathy Yan captured the zany fun element that Harley Quinn the character emulates on screen, with the help of the electric action sequences, cinematography, very on-pointe art direction and stellar performances by Margot Robbie and Ewan McGregor. It's a Harley Quinn more than a Birds of Prey movie for sure, but Cathy Yan found a way to interlace their similarities to create an effective movie, that is also unapologetic and isn't afraid to have fun.
the action scenes in this movie are insane. Alll the character are likable and the soundtrack is guardians of galaxy level.
This movie was incredibly stylistic and charismatic. Ewan McGregor was a scene stealer. Overall fun flick to watch.
Margot Robbie = Wow!!!!
Fun! Action packed! Violent! Birds of Prey has humor, good banter, and steady pacing. The colors and styling were lovely, a splash of color in gritty Gotham. Harley’s character development felt appropriate. The soundtrack was excellent. The teaser at the end had people laugh out loud in the theater.
It was good but not as good as some
Representing Emansipation of Women nowdays
As a movie enjoyable to watch, but has little to do with Birds of Prey. Actually, the #Birdsofprey characters offer little to do with their comic persona, Cassandra Cain has nothing to do with her comic persona, she felt like just a random nobody in the film.

If you like action movies with comic IP this is a okay movie, but if your looking for a Comic based action movie I say worth one watch but not a rewatch.
So I'll tell you one thing. 2020 seems to be a must promising year for new comic movies as the casting and performances are top notch!! I thought this movie exercises and preaches just how fierce women can be in thier own right. It's really good to see women in action because they were all under estimated in some form or fashion. This is most definitely a date movie. I'd go see this again!
It was incredible all around
Fun time with the girls !
Great great movie
Very fun
Fun, action packed, funny , huge cast of dc characters
Too cheesy of a plot and flow.
good movie. i loved it!
Really enjoyed the cinematography and color palate of the film. Although, the whole first act got a tad confusing with the pacing. The birds of prey team shouldve have more story rather than coming to a quick conclusion :/
Terrible from start to finish. No need to expand.
A bit gonzo, with some choices I disagreed with.  But overall, a worthwhile investment of one's time.
Meh. I don't know what some of these critics are seeing. The movie opens strong and closes strong but everything in the middle is cringe inducing and boring. Poor Ewan McGregor has so little to do and feels wasted all movie. The main female actresses hold down their roles well and Margot Robbie is talented but the script is basically Suicide Squad meets John Wick. Not great but not the worst. 2.5-5 stars.
This review is coming from a die hard harley quinn fan. It seemed to take some ideas from deadpool 2.  The story was mediocre at best but what really lacked was the characters harley was great but huntress cassandra cain canary and zsasz were awful.  The whole movie felt like watching a long episode of a dc cw tv show that was rated r.  I hope for more Margot harley quinn movies but revamp of literally everything else
Not even sure what this movie was about, angry people mad for reasons...
Harley Quinn kinda saved the movie. It was ok.
The best comic book/superhero film made in a long time. Action packed, fun, & had a lot of heart. Joker may got all the nominations but this may be the film we look back on as best in is genre in years to come
I think it was hilarious and I love how chaotic Harley was. She was very independent and badass
Very fun, and finally captures the true spirit of Harley Quinn.
They way they portrayed Huntress really pissed me off.
It was amazing. Harleys personality is so nutz and bananas that shes as sweet as a sundae
I loved it!!!! The movie was awesome and action-packed.  Margot was great .
Only gripes I really have was the ending and how a lot of the bad guys didn't have guns. The performances were great and the action scenes were fun
Not good but not bad
Even with quite a slow start I ended up absolutely loving this movie. By the end you leave feeling like you had so much fun watching it. Margot Robbie is FABULOUS as Harley Quinn and was surprised to how much I loved Jurnee Smollett-Bell as Black Canary. Would love to see more in the future.
Amazingly good. I loved it!
A marvelous watch. Love the whole setup of the film. DC has been stepping up. We all know Harley Q as the origins of the other characters were properly explained. This film blended comedy, action and a Gotham darkness that is always welcomed.
This was an amazing character, and an awful execution. What a waste. Save your money and see and actual decent movie. 
It was hard to follow at the beginning but still a great movie! We love that character! She’s a bad@$&!!
This was a really good movie! So much fun!
The movie was absolutely AMAZING. I recommend watching this fantabulous movie.
The action sequences were well put together, however, they did not make up for the voice over throughout the movie. In the beginning, I thought that the voice over was a nice touch, but about 30 minutes later, I started to find it annoying and distracting. The best part about the movie was Margot Robbie’s performance. She really captured the essence of Harley Quinn from the DC comics. Also, Ewan McGregor was outstanding. Overall, I would give Birds of Prey a 6/10.
Freaking fantastic. The cast had a fantastic chemistry that just showed throughout the entire film. Great soundtrack, great pacing, great EVERYTHING.
fun, colorful, and with incredible action scenes.
birds of prey is pure entertainment.
the cast is phenomenal.
Exciting from beginning to end
Didnt like the story line.
Suicide squad, but with women, trying to make a Tarantino version of Snatch, but the ending doesn't matter.
Loved the action, loved the characters... and that's it. Nothing stood out that struck me as deserving the title of "fantabulous."
The action is okay at times  but feels/looks very choreographed instead of natural. (Very "Wick-derivitive" and not in a good way.) The dialogue is terrible. The story also clumsily jumps around in one place. The characters felt at times like they were taken from a first draft. The actors give it their all but it's not well-written.
A fantastically fun romp through what feels like the ultimate Harley comic that deals with misogyny in a thoughtful way that does not beat one over the head.
I loved it my wife Harley was gahhhh
Good Harley Quinn movie. No Mr J. No post credits scene. 
This movie delivers what it’s predecessor suicide squad could not deliver and that is an amazing anti hero story and a very personal one. It’s not the typical antihero story of they find the good inside themselves and save the world from a world ending phenomenon instead it shows the break up of Harley Quinn and Joker. It dives in to show the effect the break up has on Harley Quinn’s life, the movie is more of a Harley Quinn Movie but Ofcourse we get the birds of prey because this is essentially an origin story for them. Huntress wow Mary Elizabeth Winstead does it again she kills the roll of huntress and shows us how good an actress she is even though we don’t get a lot of her character in the movie she still shines through as one of the best things of it and I certainly can’t wait to see her in future installments. Black Canary is just as beautiful as she is strong and fearless and an amazing fighter Jurnee Smollett-Bell was outstanding as Black Canary, and she really has a killer voice 😉. Cassandra Cain was good as well funny kid is the focus of the plot as Black Mask wants her alive and sets a bounty on her, and that cause Harley to help her escape the mercenaries after her. At the end of the day the movie was an amazing time and I give it the worth it price of admission and even better the premium price of admission if you can experience this film in a big format go for it you will have the ride of your life let that be in @4dxusa or @imax it’s a super fun film from start to finish keeps you laughing and reminds us why we love Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn as she was born to play this role just as Reynolds with Deadpool. Birds of Prey and the fantabulous emancipation of one Harley Quinn is truly amazing and get a full popcorn tub.🍿‼️💯
It was fun. Entertaining and action packed.
what a letown this movie was
Enjoyable movie
Overall solid.sure it doesn't have the narrative like Shazam or aquaman, but c'mon it's a Harley movie not harleen the psychiatrist 

I've met people that didn't even give this movie a chance because the supposed "FEMINIST AGENDA" while completely okay by the obviously agenda infested captain marvel
Things like that is the cause why I only browse the web once a month, to not get trapped in a bubble
it was a good action film much better then I expected
This film was pretty dope. Not the greatest DC movie but a fun ride!
It was unexpected and raucous. The writing was intricate and intelligent. Action sequences were incredible.
Solid movie. Fun action scenes with nonlinear 4th wall storytelling.
Great cinematography.
While the movie is pretty general, everyone plays their role so well it holds up for enough entertainment for 2 hours
Movie was a blast. Bright colors, laughs, and a wild entertaining ride!
Very Very Nice!! 🃏🌻♥️
What I liked the best is that Margot had a say on her character. She embraced her character and did an amazing job as Harley. I really liked how nothing was really sensored. The girls got their butt kicked throughout the whole movie. At times I was hoping they would get together already and return the favor...but it took a little long for them to assemble. What I also liked is that they're not portraying women sexually but instead as regular women who do not need to show off their bodies the way other superhero movies feel they should. This was just a story, told by Harley Quinn which you know she's not all there so her story jumps around a bit, getting herself in some mess and then getting out of it. Nothing spectacular but very entertaining with the action scenes.
Difficult to understand the review scores with the actual box office numbers ($) don't add up. Margot was good but the marketing really hurt this movie...
Great action pack and funny movie best DC movie yet
I loved it! Super bad ass all around! From the acting to the action I’m all for it! Definitely should watch!
the movie felt pushed on me
This is not suicide squad it is almost 2 hours of pain with no more than 10 minutes of enjoyment
There were parts in the movie that were just talking and no action.  I like that women were kicking ass.  For the most part I liked it.
Margot is great not just in playing a believable Quinn, but also as a director she did a great job. lots of action, without the need of a lot CGI which made the movie a lot better, and characters with their own issues/troubles made them more interesting.
true to the crazy character Harley Quinn is
Ridiculous and unrealistic
It was ok. Action was good. The story felt rushed but the exposition kinda drug on.
I think that the movie in its entirety was great. Harley Quinn's character resembles that of the OG comics and I appreciated that. The one thing that I didn't love was the super long fighting scenes, I think they could've been cut by a few minutes for sure.
It was amazing. Lots of action. I loved it
It's amazing dc movie.
Genuinely enjoyed the action sequences.
NOT WHAT WE EXPECTED
IT WAS LESS COMIC BOOK LIKE AND MORE VIOLENT.

THE FIRST ONE WAS THE OPPOSITE.  
WE LIKED THE FIRST ONE MUCH MORE.
Thought it was gonna suck! BEST MOVIE EVER!!they captured her essence perfectly!! Exactly like a female Deadpool just sexier!!
This movie was a lot of fun. All the performances were top notch.
It passed the Bechtel test
I thought this film was very dull. Story was rubished all characters were really forgettable. Acting was good but story was really boring.
A psychedelic madness, street, fun, colorful and dark. It does not ask permission and does not want to be perfect to please. Traveling through Harley's mind is not for everyone, much less seeing reality from her perspective. What a good and fun trip this movie is with women who don't pretend to be perfect in a world that seems to force them to be so to belong.
mucha accion, pero no es entretenida
It was fun to watch! I smiled a lot!
Birds of Prey is a watered down Deadpool that's not nearly as funny, the action scenes are not half as good, and the writing of the film is borderline awful. The acting is good, Ewan MacGregor is a pleasure to watch, but the screenplay will leave you scratching your head about several of the choices made in the structure of the film.
I liked the movie. The story line predictable. But the action and the fight moves amazing! That’s why I liked the movie. Because of the action.
It's a kick ass Girls can do anything kinda flick!!
best movie of 2020. that's it. that's the tweet.
Was just okay for me. Seemed just crazy off the wall action but lacking depth of story.
Just a fantastic movie
So good, so fun, so awesome. Birds of Prey is entertaiment at his best, full with action and a killer soundtrack.
'Birds of Prey' is a fun, colorful, silly and chaotic comic book film that is breezily entertaining thanks to its humor and violent action.
Perfeito, excelente filme. Queremos continuação
The movie was action packed with fight scenes but the Pulp Fiction like flash back for dumb additional information did not work well. The base of the movie left me with a bad opinion of the movie. The only thing I can say is go on a discount movie day or wait till it is on video. Save your 💰 and have low expectations. Not impressed, rather disappointing!
Absolutely fantastic.  All around fun.
Jumped all over no timeline at all, very hard to follow
A damn good time!! Best girls night movie!!
Super funny and way better action than suicide Squad. Harley Quinn is the best female action star of 2020. I loved the bad ass action scenes with all the women and especially Harley Quinn. Harley Quinn was a mess but she never tried to be perfect, she was herself and she went for what made her happy. No one is perfect, I feel like Harley Quinn is my spirit personality. Even though her life is chaotic she looks for what makes her happy and always enjoys a laugh or two
Very boring. Dialogue seemed almost childish. Not worth the money.
Below average plot, shoddy fight scenes and boring characters. Margot Robbie and Evan McGregor try to save this train wreck but can't.
Harley Quinn shows a different side of the story after her breakup with Joker. Seems like she's trying prove to herself that she Worths it. She turned a new woman after coming together with the new named club Birds of Prey. Also, she doesn't lose her personality and the end is pure exciting.  Anyways, I think the movie dude a little longer, in somes parts we always feel like is something missing. DC please give Harley the time she deserves
Like many DC films it could have done better when it comes to the script, however, with these diverse characters, the chemistry between them feels every organic. The actors preformed well with the material that was given to them especially when it came to the comedy bits as well as for the more serious bits. This campy and wacky film doesn't perfectly resemble the comic book series but it is good to the point that I would highly recommend it.
This movie it's fun and Margot Robbie's Harley Quinn shows a freaking amazing and powerful woman
This is not good. It's boring and predictable. The fight scenes are good dances that's it.
I loved it! Margot Robbie was fantastic as usual, and Jurnee Smollett-Bell was great as well!!
I enjoyed the music, sounds, color, and vibrant action scenes.  This is a psychedelic ride that slams on brakes on purpose just to make sure you keep up.  For the most part all actors roles seem suitable for the characters they play. The exception  I have is Rosie's Perez as Montoya, it's just did not connect.  At times, I keep forgetting that "Oh yeah that's  right, the cop who is gay?"  In fact, If I had not read the comics I still would not have  known based on her performance,  or lack thereof.  Other than that, the movie is a BLAST!  Of course,  seeing Margot Robbie and Ewan McGregor in their roles just made THIS movie THAT MUCH BETTER!  Bottomline, if you are a fan of DC Comics and Harley Quinn, then this movie is a MUST!
Fun and energetic all the way through. Just imagine being in the mind of Harley Quinn
This movie was an absolute blast. A total breath of fresh air compared to so many other DC movies. Margot Robbie absolutely killed it and so did the director and screenwriter. I highly recommend BoP.
That Movie was pretty lame. This charackters had nothing interesting and harlequin was the worst. she is projected as a stupid, but lucky child. nothing happens according to plan and the plot armor is protecting her so massive, that you cant watch it.
The movie was every were didn’t understand it at all and they gave Harley Quinn a two minute Origin story it was very poor writing.
Amazing ....colorful and energetic!!
Grad A movie production-wise, and story-wise. Not for kids - they would emulate the bad (littering! and "paying is for dummies!") while the good (facing down psychopaths and their henchmen) would sail over their heads, or be unattainable (in this case)... there were a lot of novel ideas in the movie, so it wasn't formula all the way down, and it was (thankfully) written by a woman, and produced by the star (with help), showing (to me) that females also have a bizarre (and humorous) side...
There should be more character development of the villain n side female characters... otherwise Margot Robbie is awesome in her role..full action packed n entertaining... background music, visual effects are very nice....so have a watch
It was great it was action packed. I like the way she told the story as well. Not in any particular order but unorthodox is fine as well
Great cast, great direction moving forward.
I loved all the action and the Girl Power!!
I loved it.  I thought the colors and the way everything fit together worked out great.  I wish I could have seen the others use more of their “powers.”
Compared to Suicide Squad, this was a home run. Margot Robbie did a great job. It was also good to see some other DC villains on the silver screen.
A great movie about comics that for the first time since Wonder Woman they focus on what a woman can do for herself without having to rely on men to protect her. So happy to see traits of the real Harley in this movie, such a leap from Suicide squad Harley, the shout out to her bisexuality, the hiena, everything was amazing. So happy to see a woman made movie being this great
Boring. Slow. Almost fell asleep.
The movie is a bit slow in the beginning but after a couple minutes it turns into an action packed masterpiece. Great movie!
It was a disappointing movie..  we wanted to leave 15 minutes into it...
The soundtrack made even better....
Eu achei o filme simplesmente maravilhoso
Lots of things get blowed up real good here, and women are doing it. Also, this movie is funny. A nutty girlfriend movie and with the inimitable Margot Robbie to boot.
2020) 5 minutes ago First of all the story was terrible. I have never been sitting in a theater wishing a movie would end. I kept think is it over yet? Nope. I really had high hopes for this movie. I wanted it to be good. I want to take a minute and talk about black mask. First off all his mask can't come off. He barley wore it in the movie. Second HE WAS BLOWN UP! Are you serious you just wasted a really good character on a stupid story. I sat there in disbelief. I'm sure people around me could hear my complaints. Black canary and huntress. I also thought I was watching a CW show. The acting and costumes were low budget at best.
Boring. Wait till it leaves theaters. The movie struggles with it plot. Fell asleep...
AMAZING FUN MOVIE LAUGHED FROM MY HEART MARGOT ROBBIE WAS AMAZING CAN'T DESCRIBE HOW HAPPY FOR THE MOVIE WAITED FOR IT FROM THE FIRST TEASER AND THANK GOD I AM NOT DISAPPOINTED
What an embarrassment. Tries to be funny and edgy but really feels desperate to be liked. Had a good fight scene which I read was a reshoot by a man and was the best part of the movie. I cant believe people like this, they must be paid by someone or have some agenda.
It was fine. Disjointed at the beginning, some good action scenes and a few good laughs. Some poorly characters and bad dialogue lowered my score. Margot was fantastic though.
I like most of the Marvel and DC movies, but this one made me want to leave half way through the movie - my wife thought it was okay so we stayed.  I can't put my finger on any one thing, it was just not interesting and harder to believe than other comic stories.  The only thing that was good is Margot Robbie is a cutie.
First of all the story was terrible. I have never been sitting in a theater wishing a movie would end. I kept think is it over yet? Nope. I really had high hopes for this movie. I wanted it to be good. I want to take a minute and talk about black mask. First off all his mask can't come off. He barley wore it in the movie. Second HE WAS BLOWN UP! Are you serious you just wasted a really good character on a stupid story. I sat there in disbelief. I'm sure people around me could hear my complaints. Black canary and huntress. I also thought I was watching a CW show. The acting and costumes were low budget at best.
One of the best movies of DCU!! More cooler than Deadpool
Its a fantastic, well paced action movie. Margot Robbie has evolved Harley Quinn into a fascinating character. The rest of the cast are phenomenal in their roles. Black Mask is used in a great way and lends himself as a credible threat. The only issue is Cassandra Cain bears no resemblance to her comic book counterpart, although she is great in the film, so that should bother too much people. Overall this movie is hilariously fun and filled with great moments and character interactions. A must watch for action movie fans, DC fans, comic book movie  fans in general!
It had been a long time since I left the cinema in the middle of the movie. Well, quite in the end in this case. I just couldn't bare the bullshit anymore. Supposed to be a glory far cry for women's right and in the end it's so messy, chaotic and unrealistic that it goes against the theme... 
Very disappointed, and I don't understand the 82% tomato meter, far from deserved.
Awesome!!A must watch for Dc fans.
Amei, amo a alerquina ♥️
I have a big love for Harley Quinns character in the comics and I felt her presence in the Suicide Squad movie was fine, but in this movie she was just annoying, and not in her normal characters fashion. Also, the pacing of the movie felt really poor, as it felt like you spent entirely too much time learning about these characters (which they did a poor job making me care about them) and not enough time on the plot. Once it came time to finally give the plot some love, it was very brief and pretty much just a few fighting scenes. The villain was hardly memorable and the big boss fight was super anticlimactic. This movie was definitely worth waiting for dvd. Maybe even worth waiting for Starz/HBO.
Si te gusto JL, esta peli te gustará... Tiene lo malo de deathpool (mal intento de copiar su estilo), lo malo de escuadrón  suicida, lo malo de JL... historias que tratan de unirse al minuto 40 aproximadamente y el título justificado a 10 seg de terminar la película... Creo que ni leyeron las historias de las Aves de Presa... Por algo están las Sirenas que es un grupo de villanas que a veces son heroínas...
Just amaze entertaining movie... With future holding things
I loved the movie! It was highly anticipated & worth the wait. I was in a sour mood before I came to the movie theater. As soon as the movie began, I was laughing my ass off. The movie was entertaining, hilarious, & full of  powerful women. Whatever you do, wait until the end credits.
It was ok. A lot of unneeded cursing. Just to make it R rated. The violence was ok. The first 20 mins were kind of annoying. Then it gets good. Not great. Its a one off. I doubt this will get another movie and I am sure it wont be breaking any box office records. The highlight is the woman with the bow and arrow.  Shes bad ass. The kid was eh.  Rosie Perez was Rosie Perez. That they somehow end up in some circus place that happens to be fully working yet seemed abandoned was too much for me.  I know I am picking it apart but as a large and dc long time OG I just felt this was a play for money based on the past movie and wasnt great.  It was entertaining. Im not dying to watch again like I do most other dc and Marvel films.
Love that Harley Quinn is the story teller... overall the movie is very enjoyable , joyful with a lot of action scenes with the right amount of comedy in it
Ughhh can I get a refund??
Visually looked great! That's where the good ends unfortunately... Horrible character development all round. With the most basic and uninspired plot point that we've all seen a thousand times
ถึงความยาวหนังจะไม่ถึง2ชั่วโมงแต่สามารถถ่ายทอดความดุเดือด และวาทศิลป์ได้ดีเยี่ยมตอนนี้ ดีซีมีแนวทำหนังของตัวเองแล้ว
Just not good period
Herlin Quin Nailed with the performance, Everysceen is  goosebumps....
dumb movie wish i gotten my money back
A more playful take on DC characters with the emphasis on 'girl power'
Good acting good action funny movie.
I loved it. Very cute. I thought it was a nice change for once and Margot Robbie is adorable!
One of the worst movies I have seen. The writing was horrible followed by equally horrible acting. A big disappointment and waste of money. The only thing they did right was release it at the right time with no other competition.
Loved It .. I Would Go Watch it Again..
Slow start but worth the wait.
The movie was entertaining and enjoyable.  However, i feel like the story could have been written much better.  For it being a birds of Prey movie, Harley stole the spotlight and it felt like it lacked focus on the birds of Prey.  Without spoiling the movie, they could've adjust one characters role and made one characters decision in the end of the movie different and it would've made more sense.
Brilliant storytelling from Cathy Yan, not your typical comic book movie.
NOTHING REALLY JUST THAT WE DIDNT SEE JOKER AT ALL OR NO OTHER ESTABLISHED CHARACTER..
Good movie. Didn't blow me away but I didn't expect it to either. Action was pretty great for the most part so props for that. The movie had a ton of style and pizazz but the non linear storytelling was unnecessary. 

Some of the fourth wall breaking bits worked, but the narration made up for some of the wild editing (I get this is a Harley Quinn movie so it works to some degree; but it could be tiring).

Ewan killed it - loved his Black Mask. Dude was menacing and hyper-manic and it totally worked for me. MEW was also great as Huntress. Loved her character and wanted more of her.

Last but not least - have to give props to Margot Robbie. Feel like she totally owned the role of HQ. She was great and I'm excited to see how James Gunn uses her in TSS.

Cons...jokes were hit and miss. I said the editing was tiresome at points earlier. Could've used more Huntress and maybe some more insight into Black Canary but I dug then. Didn't care for Montoya towards the end and Cass left little of an impression on me.

Overall I'd give it a 6.5/10. Solid movie. Glad I saw it but doesn't warrant a rewatch in theaters unless you're just over-the-moon about it.
What a wasted opportunity! Im not even going to bother explaining why as I think anyone who bothers to go see it will agree. Everything about this was bad, so much so we left before the end
This is a movie for everyone to go see. Audience will find something to enjoy from Birds of Prey.  It lives up to being a fun action comedy movie.
Seriously ! How has anyone liked this dull disjointed bore of a film !
When you first here about it being written, directed, and starred but mostly women you would figure the empowerment might come slap you in the face but thankfully it never does. Think of deadpool as a woman that's pretty much what you get here. Lol funny and entertaining action!
Loads of fun, what a fresh-feeling blast!
This would have been a perfectly good movie for Netflix. As it was, it was not funny or fun but did have a few entertaining moments. 
Dark and gritty like a very serious and intense movie. Had great comedy splashed in as well. Did not develop the birds of prey characters much. The girl Power was awesome and Black Mask was incredible
Slightly above average film, and a good time at the movies.  Robbie does a great job as Harley Quinn, but the final roller skating scene doesn't look real.  Many of the other action scenes are not well choreographed and also look "fake," but overall, a good film!  Throughout the film, four small women beat the crap out of many large men, which often crossed lines of reality.
Disappointing. Margot Robbie shines as always but the film suffers from awful editing, poor lighting (in many scenes the characters are hard to actually see), a wobbly disjointed script, and frequently absent or inauthentic character motivations. Overall with a decent director it might have reached its potential but sadly this is a forgettable instalment in the Gotham franchise.
A very good movie and very graphics
It was a so amazing movie, with great fights, music and plot
This was really bad. It was like watching the same fight scene 89 times, with a really bad story line.
Loved it have a great time watching it
It was better than Suicide Squad and a lot more fun than The Joker... not that The Joker was supposed to be fun, but I just like some of the comical in my comic book movies.  This movie did just that.  Margot Robbie is great, obviously.
Hyped about it and completely not disappointed. Not the greatest movie of all time but definitely a must-watch for CBM audiences.
Greaaaaaaaaaat DC film.
Over the top...but awesome!
Horrible. Made me run screaming to watch Suicide Squad, and that wasn't that great to begin with. No clue what the Top Critics are seeing that I'm missing.
I liked the movie from beginning to end.
I just love this movie 
2020 starting all good
i loved this film so much. amazing fight scenes, great cast. 100% recommend. go see this if you can and support 💋
It's ok, i love Harley PoV it's fun and she take a lot of inspiration from de comic books and i love it but it didn't feel like a Birds of Prey movie is more like Harley Quinn movie and i didn't like it when Harley narratens the other characters lives is really cringe and is too much exposition dialoge and it does't feel natural. My favourite secondary characters is Black Canary because is the only one whose life is not entirely narrate by Harley, it's more  more subtle so you can understand her by actions, i didn't like what they done with Cassandra Cain i whis they had given her another name.
in short, I wish this would have been a Harley Quinn movie and her emancipation focusing on it and we would watch the rest of the characters through the interaction with Harley and reserve the Birds of Prey team up for sequel delving into these characters (Black Canary, Huntress and Renee) because here they feel so secondary... the name of the movie is in the epilogue mentioned in the worst possible way, narrated quickly by Harley.
DC finally made a good movie set within the DCEU
It was better than Suicide Squad and a lot more fun than The Joker... not that The Joker was supposed to be fun, but I just like some of the comical in my comic book movies.  This movie did just that.  Margot Robbie is great, obviously.
Hyped about it and completely not disappointed. Not the greatest movie of all time but definitely a must-watch for CBM audiences.
Greaaaaaaaaaat DC film.
Over the top...but awesome!
Horrible. Made me run screaming to watch Suicide Squad, and that wasn't that great to begin with. No clue what the Top Critics are seeing that I'm missing.
I liked the movie from beginning to end.
I just love this movie 
2020 starting all good
i loved this film so much. amazing fight scenes, great cast. 100% recommend. go see this if you can and support 💋
It's ok, i love Harley PoV it's fun and she take a lot of inspiration from de comic books and i love it but it didn't feel like a Birds of Prey movie is more like Harley Quinn movie and i didn't like it when Harley narratens the other characters lives is really cringe and is too much exposition dialoge and it does't feel natural. My favourite secondary characters is Black Canary because is the only one whose life is not entirely narrate by Harley, it's more  more subtle so you can understand her by actions, i didn't like what they done with Cassandra Cain i whis they had given her another name.
in short, I wish this would have been a Harley Quinn movie and her emancipation focusing on it and we would watch the rest of the characters through the interaction with Harley and reserve the Birds of Prey team up for sequel delving into these characters (Black Canary, Huntress and Renee) because here they feel so secondary... the name of the movie is in the epilogue mentioned in the worst possible way, narrated quickly by Harley.
DC finally made a good movie set within the DCEU
Absolutely amazing, I will be going to watch it again! All the cast incredible, sets, costumes, makeup, soundtrack and more was outstanding. I cannot recommend enough go watch this movie 10/10. Definitely want another Harley Quinn movie after this one in future
The movie I thought was very fun, I love all the action in the film. For this being a comic book movie you can walk in and not know anything about the caricatures and have a good time being entertained. The acting though out the movie is great all the actors really bring their best in this movie. The only problem I had with the film was it got close to braking the line of when it comes to evil white man or all rich people are evil, but this movie did it in a way that almost did it to where I didnt notice it but for me its something small and all the action cover it up. Overall this was a good movie and in my opinion the DCEU is moving in the right direction.
I absolutely adored everything about it, I'm watching it again at least once! Fabulous movie to watch with girl friends
Its a must see. I loved the movie. Margot Robbie was the bomb in it. I would recommend it to people i know to see it.
Too much time spend with Detective Montoya and not enough spent with Huntress
I loved it it was perfect funny and Harley is the best can’t wait to see her again
Action scenes are just amazing!!
Awesome movie..action-packed and funny
i love how they tell the audience right on point of view of harley quinn
I don't even know what to say about it. It's almost perfect for me, but it looks like a Deadpool took a place in Birds of Prey, but it's not.

You want to have a good time with a lot of action scenes and sence of humour, then this movie would be great for ya. You won't regret. BUT, if you want to spend your time with a film, that has a big meaning and a great idea, then it's not.

I like Black Canary and Harley Quinn. I've heard the stories about every single character. 

The action scenes looks like a Deadpool and John Wick in one BIG BOX WITH A DRIVE.
Absolutely amazing, I will be going to watch it again! All the cast incredible, sets, costumes, makeup, soundtrack and more was outstanding. I cannot recommend enough go watch this movie 10/10. Definitely want another Harley Quinn movie after this one in future
The movie I thought was very fun, I love all the action in the film. For this being a comic book movie you can walk in and not know anything about the caricatures and have a good time being entertained. The acting though out the movie is great all the actors really bring their best in this movie. The only problem I had with the film was it got close to braking the line of when it comes to evil white man or all rich people are evil, but this movie did it in a way that almost did it to where I didnt notice it but for me its something small and all the action cover it up. Overall this was a good movie and in my opinion the DCEU is moving in the right direction.
I absolutely adored everything about it, I'm watching it again at least once! Fabulous movie to watch with girl friends
Its a must see. I loved the movie. Margot Robbie was the bomb in it. I would recommend it to people i know to see it.
Too much time spend with Detective Montoya and not enough spent with Huntress
I loved it it was perfect funny and Harley is the best can’t wait to see her again
Action scenes are just amazing!!
Awesome movie..action-packed and funny
i love how they tell the audience right on point of view of harley quinn
I don't even know what to say about it. It's almost perfect for me, but it looks like a Deadpool took a place in Birds of Prey, but it's not.

You want to have a good time with a lot of action scenes and sence of humour, then this movie would be great for ya. You won't regret. BUT, if you want to spend your time with a film, that has a big meaning and a great idea, then it's not.

I like Black Canary and Harley Quinn. I've heard the stories about every single character. 

The action scenes looks like a Deadpool and John Wick in one BIG BOX WITH A DRIVE.
Had high hopes for this movie.  Didn’t deliver.  Don’t blame the actors, blame the script.
Loved it! Keep up the good work dc!
I love this movie it was amazing
Perfect mix of DC female characters and Tarantino style 
So fun! Loved every minute of it 
The duration of the movie is a little short, but I enjoy it because I like the action of Harley Quinn in this movie
Wow. This movie exceeded all my expectations. The score was fantastic, and made this movie 10x better. The action sequences were done well, as was the humour. One thing I though could have been better was to let the other Birds have more screen time, such as Huntress. I know Harley is like the "main idea" of the movie, but the title is BIRDS OF PREY, so I thought Huntress could have down more. But with all that, Margot nails her accent and role, but Mary Elizabeth Winstead steals the show! 8.5/10!
An uninspired plot and thin characters make Birds Of Pray fall short. Some scenes were fun, but I cringed a lot throughout. Harley Quinn deserved better.
misandry at its finest.
It’s an okay movie. DC is still second rate compared to a Marvel movie. The movie was just okay. Girl power to the max though!
Le falta algo al guion
ME PARECÍO UNA PELÍCULA SUPER ENTRETENIDA, MUY DIFERENTE AL RESTO DE DC COMIC'S. LAS AVES DE PRESA TIENEN UNA QUÍMICA SUPER BUENA, ESTO HACE FUNCIONAR LA PELÍCULA A NIVELES MUY ALTOS. SIMPLEMENTE BUENA.
ianteresting the apalot are twisted and the endiang is ohhh
It’s was awesome!! Going to see it again!!
Thoroughly entertaining! My only issue is that it was too short.
I don’t get the good ratings!? It doesn’t come close to Deadpool. The fight scenes were well choreographed, but overall not very funny, needed more humor to carry it. Just not very interesting. When a couple next to us walked out, I was already thinking, “this is awful, it has got to get better.” I’m not sure what kept me around for the rest of the film, but I stayed and was very dissatisfied.
Es la peo pelicula de DCU. Un sin sentido de principio a fin
This is peak entertainment! The only thing I could've wanted from DC would for them to not take themselves too seriously and this movie does just that. Its a great time.
Cool to see a story told from Harley's perspective. With her as the narrator, who knows what is real or not? But, honestly, that's just part of the fun of it all!
it's pretty good. overall point 8 out of 10
This Film's full of fantabolous, full of emancipation, and full of Harley Quinn.
Honestly it was very entertaining, thrilling, enjoyable and had some awesome laugh out loud moments. MARGOT ROBBIE is perfect casting as Harley Quinn. Ewan McGregor put a interesting spin on Black Mask. A fun DC comic book movie with a simple uncompleted & stupid Zack Snyder plot. Nice call backs to SUICIDE SQUAD. The other "Birds of Prey" were well cast and enjoyable but not in the movie as much as I hoped.  With HUNTRESS & BLACK CANARY well done for this world. Not a fan of the child actor in this movie, easily the worst and weakest part of this movie Ella Jay Basco was AWFUL!!! If you are a DC Fan and not a Snyder Tard you will enjoy this. If you need some "Girl Power" this is your movie. If you like superhero movies with a fun spin this is your movie. 
7.5 /10 stars
Cheers
it was awesome! my friend and I had so much fun. it was funny with amazing action and some sweet moments.
Birds of Prey was absolutely, indisputably perfect. It's a violent, street-level comic book action movie, written by, directed by, produced by and starring women, and that is obvious in every single shot from beginning to end. I am genuinely so happy it was made and in complete awe of the effort Margot Robbie put in to make this movie on her terms. Please go see it. It deserves to make a lot of money.
It's so fun, love it! definitely better than suicide squad.
I wish it wasn’t so rushed
Amazing totally recommend it
The actress was great. The movie overall was kickass! 😁 All females were badasses.
I've stated it in the past and I stand by it today, I'm a believer in the DCEU, but this franchise needs to find a way to be more consistent for me. As most people know, Suicide Squad from a few years back was dreadful. A total disaster and disappointment of a film after the astounding trailers that were released for it, but what was one of the bright spots of that movie? Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn and now she's back in Birds of Prey. I'm not sure why WB decided to make this considering that fans including myself want DC movies like Man of Steel 2, Green Lantern Corps, Flash, etc. But here we are...it's Birds of Prey. I was absolutely dreading the idea of this movie being made and both trailers I thought were pretty awful so my anticipation was very low for this. I will say that I was slightly surprised by saying that this movie wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be, but all things considered, this movie still disappointed. 
Margot Robbie was of course the bright spot of this film by delivering another fantastic outing as Harley Quinn. She is pitch perfect for this role and you can tell how much fun she has with it. Just about all of the acting in this movie was great, particularly Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Huntress, and Ewan McGregor as Black Mask. I'll talk more about them and other characters later. The action sequences were very formulaic but well filmed and fun to watch, particularly a scene in a police station. I enjoyed the soundtrack too, it felt less like a gimmick like how it did in Suicide Squad when it tried to be like Guardians of the Galaxy. There were a few good shots scattered throughout and a few funny moments. It was also great that this film was rated R so it didn't really hold back on anything. 
However it doesn't really make sense in the context of this extended universe as a whole since every other film is PG-13 and now all of a sudden these characters are saying the F word all the time. I said earlier that I'll discuss the characters later and now it's that time. Aside from the arc of Harley Quinn and the Joker breaking up, she had the most established arc in the movie. I still don't think the film earned the break up part, but everything else I thought was really good. Every other side character and the villain was painfully underwritten and kind of useless at times. There's even a scene in which one of the characters, Black Canary, uses her scream ability which came out of absolutely nowhere since the movie never set up that she has the ability. It doesn't matter if that's what she is in the comics but again, the movie never established it as a thing so it came off as poor writing. This movie didn't really feel like a Birds of Prey movie, more so a Harley Quinn movie and Birds of Prey prequel. With the exception of Suicide Squad, Justice League, and kinda sorta Shazam! the DCEU has been very consistent with the villains and a big name like Black Mask should've been easy to do especially with a great actor portraying him. He was so underwritten and utterly wasted in this movie it was mind boggling to me. I never once felt like I was supposed to be intimidated by him like I am reading comics or watching other DC source material. This movies version of Black Mask was a whiny brat who was an asshole for literally no reason other than to be a white man who hates women. Yep...this movie is one of those movies. It's what I feared Captain Marvel would've been though that film had its moments, this one was much more apparent. In spite of a very random and very bad musical scene, the editing was admittedly better but the pacing and the way this movie told its story was very off putting and kind of confusing in a way. It seems like telling the first and most of the second act of a story in flashbacks is becoming more common nowadays and I personally don't like that. It's becoming overused and tiresome. My biggest problem with this movie is exactly what I feared it would be...what was the point of this? As I said before as well, there are other movies WB should be focusing on making that fans actually want to see. I can guarantee that Birds of Prey was on nobody's list. I want to keep believing in this universe but it's really testing me with how many inconsistencies there are in this franchise. They get off to a hot streak with a great film or two then make crap like this.
I know there's a lot of people that will like this movie which is fine. Will it make enough money though? I don't believe so, but it will compared to its budget just not other films in this franchise. Hopefully if that happens, WB gets the message and starts making stuff we actually want to see. All that being said, I'm going to give this movie the same grade as Suicide Squad even though I liked it a tad more. I'm going to give Birds of Prey, a C
Sub par birds of prey movie, decent Harley Quinn movie... it was too much at times but had me giggling and enjoying the action at points as well. Seemed too much like a Deadpool rip off minus the actual action and excitement and realism.. but hey.. worth the 12 bucks I spent I guess
This Film's full of fantabolous, full of emancipation, and full of Harley Quinn.
Honestly it was very entertaining, thrilling, enjoyable and had some awesome laugh out loud moments. MARGOT ROBBIE is perfect casting as Harley Quinn. Ewan McGregor put a interesting spin on Black Mask. A fun DC comic book movie with a simple uncompleted & stupid Zack Snyder plot. Nice call backs to SUICIDE SQUAD. The other "Birds of Prey" were well cast and enjoyable but not in the movie as much as I hoped.  With HUNTRESS & BLACK CANARY well done for this world. Not a fan of the child actor in this movie, easily the worst and weakest part of this movie Ella Jay Basco was AWFUL!!! If you are a DC Fan and not a Snyder Tard you will enjoy this. If you need some "Girl Power" this is your movie. If you like superhero movies with a fun spin this is your movie. 
7.5 /10 stars
Cheers
it was awesome! my friend and I had so much fun. it was funny with amazing action and some sweet moments.
Birds of Prey was absolutely, indisputably perfect. It's a violent, street-level comic book action movie, written by, directed by, produced by and starring women, and that is obvious in every single shot from beginning to end. I am genuinely so happy it was made and in complete awe of the effort Margot Robbie put in to make this movie on her terms. Please go see it. It deserves to make a lot of money.
It's so fun, love it! definitely better than suicide squad.
I wish it wasn’t so rushed
Amazing totally recommend it
The actress was great. The movie overall was kickass! 😁 All females were badasses.
I've stated it in the past and I stand by it today, I'm a believer in the DCEU, but this franchise needs to find a way to be more consistent for me. As most people know, Suicide Squad from a few years back was dreadful. A total disaster and disappointment of a film after the astounding trailers that were released for it, but what was one of the bright spots of that movie? Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn and now she's back in Birds of Prey. I'm not sure why WB decided to make this considering that fans including myself want DC movies like Man of Steel 2, Green Lantern Corps, Flash, etc. But here we are...it's Birds of Prey. I was absolutely dreading the idea of this movie being made and both trailers I thought were pretty awful so my anticipation was very low for this. I will say that I was slightly surprised by saying that this movie wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be, but all things considered, this movie still disappointed. 
Margot Robbie was of course the bright spot of this film by delivering another fantastic outing as Harley Quinn. She is pitch perfect for this role and you can tell how much fun she has with it. Just about all of the acting in this movie was great, particularly Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Huntress, and Ewan McGregor as Black Mask. I'll talk more about them and other characters later. The action sequences were very formulaic but well filmed and fun to watch, particularly a scene in a police station. I enjoyed the soundtrack too, it felt less like a gimmick like how it did in Suicide Squad when it tried to be like Guardians of the Galaxy. There were a few good shots scattered throughout and a few funny moments. It was also great that this film was rated R so it didn't really hold back on anything. 
However it doesn't really make sense in the context of this extended universe as a whole since every other film is PG-13 and now all of a sudden these characters are saying the F word all the time. I said earlier that I'll discuss the characters later and now it's that time. Aside from the arc of Harley Quinn and the Joker breaking up, she had the most established arc in the movie. I still don't think the film earned the break up part, but everything else I thought was really good. Every other side character and the villain was painfully underwritten and kind of useless at times. There's even a scene in which one of the characters, Black Canary, uses her scream ability which came out of absolutely nowhere since the movie never set up that she has the ability. It doesn't matter if that's what she is in the comics but again, the movie never established it as a thing so it came off as poor writing. This movie didn't really feel like a Birds of Prey movie, more so a Harley Quinn movie and Birds of Prey prequel. With the exception of Suicide Squad, Justice League, and kinda sorta Shazam! the DCEU has been very consistent with the villains and a big name like Black Mask should've been easy to do especially with a great actor portraying him. He was so underwritten and utterly wasted in this movie it was mind boggling to me. I never once felt like I was supposed to be intimidated by him like I am reading comics or watching other DC source material. This movies version of Black Mask was a whiny brat who was an asshole for literally no reason other than to be a white man who hates women. Yep...this movie is one of those movies. It's what I feared Captain Marvel would've been though that film had its moments, this one was much more apparent. In spite of a very random and very bad musical scene, the editing was admittedly better but the pacing and the way this movie told its story was very off putting and kind of confusing in a way. It seems like telling the first and most of the second act of a story in flashbacks is becoming more common nowadays and I personally don't like that. It's becoming overused and tiresome. My biggest problem with this movie is exactly what I feared it would be...what was the point of this? As I said before as well, there are other movies WB should be focusing on making that fans actually want to see. I can guarantee that Birds of Prey was on nobody's list. I want to keep believing in this universe but it's really testing me with how many inconsistencies there are in this franchise. They get off to a hot streak with a great film or two then make crap like this.
I know there's a lot of people that will like this movie which is fine. Will it make enough money though? I don't believe so, but it will compared to its budget just not other films in this franchise. Hopefully if that happens, WB gets the message and starts making stuff we actually want to see. All that being said, I'm going to give this movie the same grade as Suicide Squad even though I liked it a tad more. I'm going to give Birds of Prey, a C
Sub par birds of prey movie, decent Harley Quinn movie... it was too much at times but had me giggling and enjoying the action at points as well. Seemed too much like a Deadpool rip off minus the actual action and excitement and realism.. but hey.. worth the 12 bucks I spent I guess
Went in with rather low expectations and can't say it was an overwhelming experience. Margo Robbie's performance was exactly what she was asked to do and got to say the rest of the "birds" were rather underwhelming. Ella Jay Basco was amazing and stole every scene, range was amazing and I think she could a star of the future. Flashback sequences were a little annoying with the over the top loudness and fonts over the screen, very reminiscent of suicide squad. Was a middle of the road watch.
Expecting the worse, but instead I got a treat
This movie was awesome. Funny, action packed and powerful. I had a great time! Highly recommended.
What a wild ride !! I loved seeing Harley Quinns wacky personality come to life on the big screen. Her fashion choices were spot on as well. Birds of prey is a funny, crazy, wildly entertaining girl gang movie that has you on the edge of your seat till the very end.
So.good.i loved it!!!!
a start refresh to superhero(villain?) genre, it's good that dc finally makes a good movie consistently lately
As a fan of Birds of Prey, I find this film very disturbing. Batgirl (Barbara Gordon) or Cassandra Cain should be the leader of the birds, not Harley Quinn.
the action is decent. storyline is poor. the movie is way too long and all over the place.
Most fun I had at the movies in a long time!
I love Harley quinn. Margot robbie is perfect as Harley quinn. Wish it could have balanced more of the other characters but if u love Harley definitely a must see.
Great movie just wish it was longer and more detailed! 
Margot  Robbie is great as harley quinn. I loved harleys different costumes and fun personality . The action scenes were outstanding they were violent and entertaining . I also liked black mask he was creepy and disturbing . This movie is a must see on the big screen.
great fight sequences
Really well made! My boyfriend who actually knows what the hell is going on in those movies beyond service level also really enjoyed what they did with the characters and the story line. I’d recommend!
I loved the movie, definitely some of the most fun I've had at the theater! Margot Robbie kills it and I want more of her Harley Quinn!!!!!
This was a fun, comical girl power movie. It's a little strange., like an Oceans movie theme mixed with comic book theatrics. But super fun to watch.
Great fun that will take you away from the political bs of our lives!
Great DC movie, so much better than previous ones
Loved it. 100 times better than suicide squad.
I think it was a very good Harley Quinn movie done from her perspective. Really loved the fight sequences. If you're a Harley fan I recommend it.
Great movie just wish it was longer and more detailed! 
Margot  Robbie is great as harley quinn. I loved harleys different costumes and fun personality . The action scenes were outstanding they were violent and entertaining . I also liked black mask he was creepy and disturbing . This movie is a must see on the big screen.
great fight sequences
Really well made! My boyfriend who actually knows what the hell is going on in those movies beyond service level also really enjoyed what they did with the characters and the story line. I’d recommend!
I loved the movie, definitely some of the most fun I've had at the theater! Margot Robbie kills it and I want more of her Harley Quinn!!!!!
This was a fun, comical girl power movie. It's a little strange., like an Oceans movie theme mixed with comic book theatrics. But super fun to watch.
Great fun that will take you away from the political bs of our lives!
Great DC movie, so much better than previous ones
Loved it. 100 times better than suicide squad.
I think it was a very good Harley Quinn movie done from her perspective. Really loved the fight sequences. If you're a Harley fan I recommend it.
was so much fun! a glitter bomb to the face of some pretty dope queens
Pretty great. As a fan of the comics, there are a couple gripes I have with the project, but overall I liked it. Could not stop smiling the whole entire time. MOST of the characters stay true to their comic counter parts.
This is one of the best DC films made and the entire cast puts on a show! So happy this is a hard rated R!
Super fun movie, with fantastic choreography and a top notch script. Really enjoyed it tonight!
Love Harley Quinn, Canary, Black Mask and Vzaas. Not really a BOP movie, should be called a HQ movie instead.
Cool pacing. Deadpool reminiscent. Works since both characters are bonkers and the movie moes fast. Not HILARIOUS unless you're a youngin but some funny moments. Coolest scenes near the end, of course. Comic-wise, she fits the role. Anyone who says otherwise, didn't read shit. Canary=hot af
If you watch the trailer and still came to watch the movie then you had an idea that this is supposed to be fun and ridiculous. It does take what Deadpool does in his movies. Harley Quinn was more fun here than those previous DC movies, the Huntress needs more time to develop but this isn't her movie, Black Canary was cool, Rosie's character had her moments, and the kid works well with Harley. Ewan's Black Mask character did a good menacing job. I enjoyed this movie and hope it makes enough money for a sequel and will have Poison Ivy in it next. I hope they red con Batman V Superman so that Robin/Nightwing and Batgirl are still out there and not dead or retired.
Hot garbage delivered by your face in the morning before you wake.
This movie was so good that I decided to make a Rotten Tomatoes account just to review it. Usually after I watch a movie, I immediately nit-pick-it. However, for some strange reason I could not bring myself to do that after I watched Birds of Prey (and the really long title).

Now, this film is definitely not for everyone. However, if you love Harley Quinn and her craziness, this is the perfect movie for you. No surprise, the movie does revolve around Harley. With her being extremely popular, her name in the title, and seeing trailers with her in it mostly, I was totally aware and comfortable with her being the center focus. The other characters though are given I feel a good amount of screen time (though I wish I had seen Huntress more - she was so funny!). I loved the pacing of the movie, though it was back and forth. This worked for me however as it was Harley narrating the story mostly, and her going back and forth between scenes just felt right.

Margot Robbie IS Harley Quinn - she absolutely nailed her portrayal in the movie. Jurnee Smollett-Bell is great as Black Canary, and Mary Elizabeth Winstead makes Huntress hilariously socially awkward, while also a bad ass (it was perfect). Rosie Perez as Renee Montoya and Ella Jay Basco as Cassandra Cain also did a great job, though I feel they were definitely out-shinned by the others. Black Mask played by Ewan McGregor is also great, fitting perfectly into the evil psychopath.

The fighting in this movie was amazing. The fight scenes were so exciting and I never felt like I was getting confused by what was going on. Huntress and Harley especially did awesome during them.

Overall I'm so happy this movie did well and I encourage others to go see it!
I was hoping the movie would be good after I saw the trailers, that didn't look good to me. Nope. I was bored the entire movie. Way too much Harley. While I loved her in Suicide Squad, it was too much of her and I began to be annoyed by everything she did. The first hour is 90% her so I thought once the others came into play it would get better. Well. that happened and it did bring me up from half a star to a whole star. I love good fight scenes, like John Wick, these arent like that and happen constantly. There were times where one fight went into another so they would change the song playing to let you know it was a new fight. Big disappointment. I'm still looking forward to James Gunn's Suicide Squad but I just hope I can like her character again.
absolutely bonkers movie! Great cast (especially McGregor as Black mask!) The action was fast and fun! it was an absolute delight!
So. MUCH. fun. 🤪🎂🧨
it would be a 5 out 5 but they killed a sandwich.
I went in with an open mind and decided to give this movie a chance. It pains me to write, that this movie was just as horrible as Suicide Squad. It was messy (not in a clever or enjoyable way). The storyline was weak. A few of my favorite characters were horribly written in this movie. It was rather boring and the relationships between the characters, not to mention the actresses playing their assigned character, seemed forced and not fully enthused in doing their lines. There wasn't really the "bond" that they tried to force onto us. With that said, the cinema I went to had a good number of bought reserved seatings but a good number of them never showed. The ones that did, started to thin out because a good amount ended up leaving during the first portion of the film.
How absolutely awesome!!! This was a fun action filled movie! The girls were outstanding!!! Must see in the theater!!!
best dc movie besides wonder woman kinda sad at the liberties they took but overall dope as fuck a female deadpool definently struck gold with this character....
To me it ranks up there with Catwoman & Batman & Robbin.
ITS A FUN, FUNNY MOVIE, BASICALLY A HARLEYQUINN COMIC BOOK COME TO LIFE
Love Harley Quinn!  I loved the fight scenes!!
A phenomenal powerful female led movie, an absolute blast, and Harley Quinn is eveyrhing you want and more.
Action packed!  Funny too...
Margot Robbie was great as Harley Quinn.. but this storyline, and jumping backwards and forwards was exhausting and frustrating. 
I thought it was an incredibly fun and interesting time. all the scenes felt purposeful and they did a great job with the entire thing is an amazing ride
Harley Quinn truly shines in this explosive, colorful, and action-packed film. The action sequences and soundtrack were phenomenal, and the actors all delivered excellent performances of their respective characters-- Ewan McGregor in particular made a compelling, terrifying villain as the unstable Black Mask. Overall, "Birds of Prey" was a fun and unique movie experience that makes me hopeful for the future of DC movies.
Loved every minute of it!
Lots of action, fantastic performance by all the fam fatel. Glad Rosie Perez came out to play and they showed a lot a resilience. The movie starts off kind of hokey but then it warms up to be a kick-ass movie!
A movie about getting a jewel back. How original
This was great! Margot R was the producer, great job lady! Suicide Squad was good but I actually like this one better!
It was ok. I wish it had more action
one of the worst movies I've ever seen.
Really entertaining movie with great action & raunchy comedy
Good foundation for a colorful crime fighting group , plus it's good seeing Harley Quinn stretch her wings.
Such a good movie. Saw it with my husband dressed up as Harley & black mask. Really wanna see it more !
Loved it from start to end. What people are saying about the movie being awkward or slow at times is completely false. True sequel to Suicide Squad but a bit more fun and colorful. Harley, Huntress, Zsasz, and Black Mask were amazing!! The entire movie was delightful (seen it three times already and have not gotten bored once.)
surprisingly really Good . I was scarred by suicide squad and how terrible that was I almost let it ruin my chance to witness redemption.
Pretty uninspired movie. The movie had very little substance and a lack of continuity.
sadness and depression
Horrible. What a mess of a movie.
Incredible actresses doing some incredible things. The choices were all strong and perfect for the garbage Town that is Gotham. With some crazy costumes, full tailed lunatic Ewan , and a real understanding whats its like when you want to fight back against the shit that happens. Costumes,set,and soundtrack on point(Ewan pajamas with his own face on them great choice)
I don't care what the haters say; this was one entertaining movie. There was action, comedy, a good story, and a, sure as hell, fantabulous ending! All the characters did great with the screentime they got and it's a great beginning for the new characters introduced in the movie,i.e., Black Canary, The Huntress, Cassandra Cain and Renee Montoya. It's a must watch in my opinion. And surely wait for the end credits scene. It's fun.
This movie was fun tho it left me with an empty feeling. It was definitely missing something and the build up of and use of characters was weak . I expected more with the cast and characters used . But I really felt they wasted some of these great actors.
Wanted to really like this movie but it just wasn’t that good. I didn’t think it was terrible but I just didn’t really enjoy it. The movie didn’t make me care about any of the characters except for huntress as she was the only one with a better developed back story that tied into the plot in an interesting way. Black Mask as a villain was way to over the top. No real motivation behind what he does which can be fine if the character is interesting but it just didn’t do it for me. Victor Zsasz was a pretty good casting and I would have liked to see more of him. Also they had a Hyena which was cool but it was not involved in a single fight scene! Like what the heck! What a waste.....
Loved the all female leads.
Pathetic waste of time.  Totally uninteresting because there was not a moment of any credibility, thus no interest or involvement.
So Harley Quinn was 'The Joker's" x girlfriend.  Who knew?  I had no idea, and could care less.  The Joker has been a Bad Joke from his beginning in the Batman comics.  I never heard of his girlfriend girlfiend Harley.  She and everyone in it was ridiculous, unbelievable, ludicrous.  But it was colorful.  I give it more than 500 Fs, cuz those girls belched at least that many F-Bombs.
Worthless, stupid.  Not one redeeming quality.
Birds of prey is a great female lead comic book movie, excellent acting and perspective on Harley Quinn by Margot Robbie! the rest of the cast was excellent, the villain for this film was excellent black mask and his gang really gave the birds a prey a run for there money. The story and soundtrack were great the cinematography as well!
I loved it! It was such a fun movie. The best way that I can think to describe is to ask someone to imagine Deadpool but with women. The action in this movie was incredible! The jokes were good (not great but still pretty good). The best part was easily watching Harley Quinn beat up bad guys. Lots of fun but don't bring your kids to see it!
Fun And Excited🤙🏽💪🏽
it was an ok movie. I thought it had potential but fell just short.
The plot. The cast. The cinematography. The humor. The heart. I loved it all. A must see.
too loud and pointless
Birds of Prey it's the really the best most feminist DC comic film of 2020.
Loved the whole movie. Girlfriend really enjoyed it.
the movie in general was just fun to watch and very funny at some moments must watch
Had it's moments, but overall just alright.
Great movie. Fun ride.
An absolute blast!! Badass movie with some messy fun and violence!
It was okay. Very boring. No action til last 20 minutes. The movie spends way too long setting up characters and back stories for a movie with little pay off.
Great movie, just what I was expecting
Definitely a must see!
The whole movie was fantabulous!!!!!! 😍 i definitely recommend.
it was an ok movies...
real girl power.....
entertaining for sure....
not bad. very satisfying for this new Harley Quinn.
the villains were a bit too silly but overall really fun
DOPE AF 
Probably the best DC movie
actually stuck to the comic book!
Love the girl power! Just wish mr. J was in it possible begging Quinn take him back at the end would be an awesome.
that movie was awesome and funny to. I enjoyed the movie.
Not at all a movie i would tell people they need to go see... Not a movie i would ever watch again. Mostly lame. Margot robbie played the character well but everything else about the movie mostly sucked.
It was pretty bad: the plot, the dialogue, the characters had no chemistry, but don’t take my word for it. See it yourself.
Great movie, not perfect but a welcome addition
Solid! Best DCU movie since Wonder Woman (minus Joker, not counting it cause it is standalone).
Hilarious and very entertaining! Lots of actions omg! Love it! Just love the feminisms of this movie!
Nowadays it is difficult to find originality in entertainment, rarely enjoy a movie nowadays, it may not be the best movie but Birds of Prey offers a very entertaining original idea, its tone of humor and its scenes Action is an enjoyable mix, and its quite ideal soundtrack, perhaps its biggest problem is that it doesn't feel like a Birds of Prey movie, it's more like a Harley Quinn movie with a bit of other characters, the tone is good but it could be better if I only had more time to give the development and scenes to the other characters, even so it is still entertaining from beginning to end and the ideal option to see something fun for the weekend.
It was most definitely entertaining to watch.
Overall a good movie! Had nice action and comedy, didn't think it would be as good as it was.
Fantastic actors, and a heck of a lot of fun to watch.
Too short and the trailer did it no justice. it was an epic movie. Well directed and kept you on your toes with twists and turns.
I'm not sure why this was rated R. Maybe if they would have used blood instead of glitter & paint. And dropped some more F bombs. Margot Robbie is an excellent actress she was very good. I wish she would have used the bat more throughout the movie. I still like Kaley's performance in the animated series better. Ewan McGregor was very good. If you like Rosie Perez you will love her in this. Ella Jay, the little girl in the movie was great. I hope this movie does get a sequel b/c when I found out the little girls name, I got excited because I know who she turns out to be in the future. Mary Elizabeth Winstead was very basic. And I see why they didn't show her much. She was very stiff and boring. Like a cardboard box. No emotion at all. And she delivered her lines in a monotone voice. She delivered the same performance in Scott Pilgrim. Very bland. I wished they would've casted someone like Mika Kunis instead. Journey Smollett Bell was surprisingly excellent. She was just as good as Margot. Her action scenes were great, her gold pants, hair, the jewelry. She showed a lot of emotion. I believed every single word she said. She was so good, she was out of place. I want a sequel for the continuation of BlackCanary and the little girl's story.
I thought it was a fun movie.
A very fun movie experience for sure! Great characters, humor, fight sequences and costumes. Margot Robbie and Ewan McGregor make it golden.
A twisted action packed Harley movie!
Loved it.  Great fun. Margot and Ewan were awesome in it. The fight scene were cool and lots of nods to the comics.
It’s FANTASTIC!!! 🤩🦅🤡🥰
cheesy and pure lame, bad choreographing.... Bad acting..... Waiting for DC to get it going but not happening.
Months and months of ad hype for a very slow and unorthodox movie that didn’t hit the spot. Personally disappointed. But see how others may appreciate it.
I thought it was great!! People, forget The Suicide Squad Flop. This movie was made much better!! And the action Scenes was terrific!!!  Go See It!! Great Cast!
like-everything
disliked' nothing
Loved seeing more women from comics on the big screen. Loved the fight scenes. Loved the comedy in it too. I hope we get more Harley Quinn movies and more Birds of Prey movies.
Kudos to Margot Robbie for producing as well as staring in this crazy female hero movie. It’s fresh, creative and dramatic 💄
action was awesome.. too much narrative.
Good. But not suicide squad 😓
It's so much fun to see Harley Quinn come to life, it really feels like her character from the comics. It's a wild ride but completely worth it.
good funny movie. the violence was awesome. but didn't like some little things with the movie. but overall it was definitely better than most the cash grabs they have been throwing out lately.
Cliche and poorly written story, poor characterization of every character besides harley quinn, inconsistent powers and scenarios, cartoonish villain and poor humor. The only aspect that made me gave it a 1.5 is harley quinn and some action scenes.
tries to hard to be like deadpool. poorly written.
Absolutely zero redeeming qualities 
Hilarious and fun!!!
Margo Robbie was great in suicide squad, but a whole movie revolving around her annoyingly forced accent was too much. Also, you can only reinvent the wheel so many times... *cough* "power puff girls" *cough*
Really fun with some great set pieces.  I particularly loved the police station scene.  Margot Robbie is such a fantastic actress.  Some boring parts, but I expect that these days with superhero movies.
So amazing. Humor was well done. Action was intense, and Jurnee and Margot KILLED their roles ❤❤ Cant wait to see it again!
Who would have thought?
I thought it was ok it wasn’t bad it wasn’t omg so good it was decent the end was the best part
Birds of prey breaks free of generic superhero grounds and provides a fun ride.
I would have to say great movie.
still better than AquaMan.
Great flick. Really creative!
Kick ass from front to back with a surprise post credit visit from Nick Fury!(ignore that last part. But there was a mild stinger) Oodles of super stylized violence set to a spectacular soundtrack and a candy colored visual design. This is why I love (anti) hero movies!!!!
The story telling and acting was not strong at all. Though the movie was fast paced with a lot of action it really became campy and disorienting. the ending was very anticlimactic as well.
Everything about this movie was beautiful! A kickass movie with both feels and laughs. Can’t wait for more!
Could have been better.
I loved it, the pace, the fight scenes, and the sisterhood between the cast all in all it was a great DC movie, Rise DC!
So much potential wasted.  Once again they fill the movies with bloat.  Too many characters not enough story and worse not enough laughs.
Very very entertaining. Worth the price of the ticket
it was fun. Good cast the movie just seemed slow to develop.
Very fun! Ewan McGregor is a pretty solid villain! Don’t take it too seriously though, or you will not enjoy it.
Harley desarrollada, se reinicia la historia y nos hace olvidar a SS, la trama no es confusa, se disfruta y promete mucho.
Loved the movie! The story taking off was kinda slow but the ending was great and the fight scene were fantastic
Tried too hard to be like Deadpool. Action sequences were the best part of the movie.
This movie is so much fun!! DC's best movie since Wonder Woman easily. Great music, great actors, great story and never once took itself too seriously. I highly recommend it, I had a great time from start to finish 💖
The movie was horrible a bad depiction of the characters, no back story of the supporting. The movie was basically about screwing over your fellow comrades. The best character was the hyena.
Love seeing more women on screen in comic book movies. Fun fight sequences and a happy ending. I hope more Birds of Prey movies are planned so we can see other team members!
Fun ass movie. From start to finish. True to the character and spirit.
This movie was PHENOMENAL and I’m not even a comics fan... from the acting to the writing to the direction to the visual effects to the humor to the character development to the action sequences to the visual effects to the direction, it’s an A+++! It checks off the entire list! Everyone in my theater (Union Square NYC) stood up and cheered and applauded at the end! THAT’s how good this movie was! You’ll be entertained from the beginning to the very end. Go see it!!! 😍
Kick-ass from beginning to end.
Meh. It was too short. It felt rushed. The fight against Black Mask was too short and the way he died was stupid. That being said Margo Robbie and Ewan McGregor shine in this movie. The action was fantastic. Plot holes. 2+ hours would have been a better length 
Super fun movie! Clever script, great acting and artfully shot.
It was funny with a good performance by Margot Robbie and Ewan McGregor but it was a story that didn’t need to be told. It just didn’t add anything new that made the MCU story progress that much further.
Loved it! Way better the DC's Suicide Squad! Margo was as Harley! Great action and a Spectacular soundtrack.
Loved Margos performance.  The bit about cutting off faces was cringe worth, and crossed the line.
Really.enjoyed the film. It was entertaining and fun. Margo Robbie does an excellent job in her role as Harley Quinn. 
felt alot like deadpool and wasnt digging the whole introduction thing, like I know who they are already, I'm a major geek that's why I'm here. but the title did say Harley Quinn so I knew what I was getting into. Canarys scream was legit the best part of the movie, only part i was expecting. did not disappoint!!
A truly cathartic emancipation for punk girls everywhere
that was the greatest movie of the year so fare
I loved this so much!! Margot Robbie really is a wondrous talent, Jurnee Smollette Bell, really everyone does an amazing job, and I would watch every movie with these characters. I would love to see Gotham City Sirens get made and more movies with the Birds of Preyed. Ewan McGregor plays a great villain, i’m not too familiar with the character comics wise, but his performance was simultaneously great and scary. Genuinely hated him, and he was very disturbing. Amazing. Super energetic, fast, entertaining.
Everything you expect from a Harley Quinn movie - a ton of fun! 
Awesome fight scenes good story telling, luv me some Harlequin
Don’t expect to see many birds
Best movie! Margot Robbie - OMG.
loved every minute of it
Amazing. DC is doing a real good job recovering from Josstice League.
Move was great. Full of action and funny
I had low expectations since I hated Suicide Squad and didn’t care for Harley Quinn, but I loved this. It was very entertaining.
It's a beautiful way to see a totally free Harley Queen.
It was exactly what I expected of a Harley Quinn movie.
Really fun movie with great fight scenes, solid soundtrack, and the right amount of comedy. 
Unlike the recent movie Joker, which takes the DC villain into the real world, this film really feels like a comic book-turned-movie. It is overly colorful, fast-paced, hilarious, illogical, yet fun. Some of the actors are better than others but at least Margot Robbie does not disappoint. She lets her crazy come out, serving both as protagonist and storyteller. In fact, this setup brings back memories of her great 2017 film I, Tonya. If only Bruce, the hyena had more screen time...
it's what you expect from a Harley Quinn movie just less joker and more hand to hand fighting
Overall pretty good, i dont know why it would rated r tho, they said it had over the top viololence but not really. I give the movie 9/10, woulda been better if longer and had batman even for a second
The movie was alright. Other characters didnt have enough time for the movie. It was more of a Harley Quinn movie. Cringe lines. Fight scenes were great though.
Loved the movie.  Enjoyed seeing the smart and funny side of Quinn.  Birdie was awesome as well.
Typical DC mess, but louder
Got cheesy best part was how the ending occurred.:
Starring: Margot Robbie, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Jurnee Smollett-Bell, Rosie Perez, Ella Jay Basco, Chris Messina and Ewan McGregor

BIRDS OF PREY is a bright and insane world. While it took a bit for this viewer to appreciate the grandiose display of exaggerated violence intermixed with a bit of reality, it became harder and harder to resist as its less than two hour run time went on. Once you get used to the hyper stylized storytelling and direction, you'll find much to enjoy here.

Robbie is a wonder as Harley Quinn, and she manages to bring a glorious sense of fun to her morally questionable and selfish anti-hero. While the violence doesn't necessarily seem like it deserves an R-rating , aside from a scene or two , the energy that Director: Cathy Yan creates manages to make this all work in the end. It's certainly not perfect, but with a ton of bright spots - including an ode to Marilyn Monroe.

Self-aware, in your face and refusing to apologise for it, D.C., and Harley herself, have hit another home run. The birds of prey and girl power are alive and viciously kicking. 8/10
Colorful fun kinetic movie that’s never not entertaining. Female scripted & directed - This film’s got heart & confetti to spare. Plus, you get a free comic book with the movie. SEE IT.
I really enjoyed this movie. It was a ton of fun!
Margo Robbie was the only thing that saved this movie, but that was enough to keep it entertaining.
Loved this movie, I want to see it again. It’s so good.
Fight scenes were on point!
It's fun, energetic, and straight up crazy. Wonderful time at the movies!
Oh this is the best DC film to date. This is the best Harley Quinn yet. This film is a fourth wall break as Harley narrates the film and does so brilliantly. It blends together the best of Deadpool meets Into The Spider-verse. It is vicious, crazy and fun. Hopefully this isn’t a one-off film but that Margot Robbie continues to portray this character. The Black Canary is a shine also. My only criticism is the Huntress. Mary Winstead plays the character but they don’t give a lot of development to her. Hopefully she will shine more in the sequel. Don’t miss out on this.
Women hot. Women beating up men for 2 hrs? Hotter. They know what the gays and ladies want to see. You can tell there were a lot of women behind this movie and the results are a kick ass movie! Loved it!
This movie was better than I thought it would be. It’s not very fantastical, which I liked. And the acting is high quality. Super funny and definitely gore-y
An absolute blast, it adds nothing to the mythos, and there is no foreseeable endgame to the movies in the shared DC universe and that’s why I loved it. It’s just a story in that universe. Ended up loving Huntress with the five minutes she appears on screen. Ewan McGregor stole every scene he was in. And Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn is truly a gift to fans everywhere.
Harley Quinn was great, but the rest was meh.
Loved it! It was just an all around fun movie with a great cast!
This film blew me away. Wasn't sure what to expect with the moderate to good reviews and a few of my personal favorite reviewers not saying good things, but the film's characters and music caught me in the first ten minutes and I never looked back. Go see it in the loudest theater you can--you won't regret getting the full dose of the music and the explosions.
everything about this movie was perfect. it is clear 
that Margot Robbie really loves Harley Quinn. the level of attention and adherence to new 52 details is there, and Robbie plays Harley with a level of emotional tenderness I wasn't expecting but really appreciated.
I’m surprised and shocked to say that this is an Ok mediocre Harley Quinn movie starring Margot Robbie and other people. This movie is a mess and with so many characters I was bored when Harley Quinn wasn’t on . The huntress was cringe and same with every other character. I thought this movie would be a straight up Harley Quinn solo film because everything she’s in is perfection but everybody else in this movie sucks. The little girl that needs protection is cringe and has no true purpose in this movie. I do recommend this movie though because I want people to see how bad this movie is. I want more Harley Quinn. Not side characters or anything else, maybe joker but nobody else. The villain, black mask also sucks. He again has no purpose. But man Harley Quinn saves this movie from its demise. I will probably never see this movie again, maybe with a friend who never saw it but besides that I will never watch this movie again. 
Suicide Squad was better. It wasn’t awful, but still. Talk about overdone genres. There have been literally dozens of films where a woman with super powers punches hundreds of men in the nuts for two hours straight, stopping only for short, sub-par cliche dialogues (and even monologues) in between action sequences. This is not new, original, or authentic in the slightest. The fact that it received an 82% approval from RT compared to Suicide Squads’ 27% proves that the top critics prefer the same old predictable drivel that began 25 years ago with The 5th Element, which was promptly followed by an endless series of copycat (no pun intended) action flicks that differ only in casts and titles.
DC comics nailed this one out of the park. Harley Quinn and crew hopefully will have many more of these in the immediate future.
Solid strong female character kind of movie
It was excellent with humor and action
A couple of miss matched scenes should not deter you from enjoying this stupidly fun film. A great direction to be headed in! Ewan McGregor's twist on Black Mask is one to remember along with the fantabulous cast of women.
It was different not great but not bad just good. I would Recommend it if you like DC characters be put on big screen. Plus Harley is pretty Awesome in it!!
Entertaining, funny and with good action scenes, recommended to have a good time alone or with friends.
💕💕💕💕💕💕🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘 💕💕💕💕💕💕🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘 💕💕💕💕💕💕🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘 💕💕💕💕💕💕🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘
Hands down one of the best DC movies! I loved it from the beginning to end..
The movie was fantastic! A lot of humour, action and heart! I cant wait to see what further adventures DC Comics has in store for Harley Quinn & the Birds of Prey!
Fun, energetic, and fresh. Will definitely see it again.
I was entertained from start to finish. Solid time at the movies.
Loved it from start to finish. It was like John Wick meets the Golden Girls and a glitter bomb.
A doctor's journey to define herself after a long term relationship ends abruptly. The action is superb, the cast is likable, and the story is engaging. Easily one of the best films in the current DC Cinematic Universe.
I loved it!!! Great action!!
I thought it was great entertainment! Loved the character of Harley Quinn when she first appeared in Suicide Squad  and she did not disappoint!! Very tongue in cheek humor and the girls kicked butt!
The movie was good but the only part personally I don’t like people singing but the rest was good
just left the cinema with a big smile on my face, so happy with this movie! Great action scenes too
Forgettable.  It wasn't bad.  It also wasn't good.  But it definitely, um, was?
Funny! Perfect comic book Harley Quinn. Fast paced non stop action
Exceptional movie! Well done and very entertaining, girl power!
Very action packed, very in your face. Femininely bad ass as fck. Just well done.
Little slow at first but picks up 30 min in.
loved everything about it😍😍😍
I love Margot Robbie as Harley but i fell asleep. i like the style and the look of the movie but man was it repetitive! 
Loved the style and banter while Harley Quinn is the obvious star each character felt fleshed out and complex like we could any day now be hearing about a Bird of Prey 2 that won’t have Harley Quinn in it.
Really Good! Exactly what I expected from Harley Quinn...
DC is heading in the right direction.
Absolutely fantastic!!! Harley Freaking Quinn is the Bomb!!!!
liked the action sequences and soundtrack.  it still left some to be desired.  I wish it was a more in depth gritty story.  This was a more fun crazy entertainment film.  some parts during flashbacks seemed a little lengthy, but overall I was entertained.
It's cool, it has alot of action and funny jokes.
let's be frank, it's the Harley Quinn movie feat. two birds of prey, a well cast GCPD Detective Montoya, and a fun but still not proper soon to be batgirl. So a bit misleading on who the focus is really on. That being said, it was fun when it needed to be, serious when it called for it, and the fight scenes were great to watch. It's a popcorn flick for sure, and definitely more palatable then the suicide squad.
I loved it,  just don't bring your kids if you don't want to hear a a bunch of f-bombs! lol!
more DC trash. tired of the messages they send and the poor writing/visuals.. just trash
Such an AMAZING movie
It was amazing! I loved it so much! It was incredibly fun to watch! I laughed a lot and the plot was well done. I had a ball watching this movie and the characters really moved me at times!
so much fun! really great acting by Margot Robbie et Al. It was a blast!
Really fun movie. With a great cast, and amazing action scenes. A must see forsure
Fun action packed movie
Good homage to a great character.  Fun romp!
Some of the best action ever seen in a superhero movie
This was tragically a terrible movie despite the great performances from Robbie, Winstead, and McGregor. My audience only laughed at the "laxatives" part and they all left me in there to experience the after credit bit alone smdh and I'm pretty sure they were more excited about this film than I was.
I thought the movie was well done. I enjoyed it immensely
Was an amazing movie and had me laughing the whole time! I thought It was visually stunning and really showed the strength women can have. Margot Robbie and Ewen Mcgreggor were iconic!
Very very entertaining! I laughed from beginning to end. The thing about the DC Cinematic Universe is that DC is all over the place. The question becomes which Joker do I like most? Do I like the diabolical joker who is young enough to give an adult Batman the flux? Or do I go with the Joker who is in his 50's when he meets a 10 yr old Bruce Wayne? It's hard to pick one
It’s like reading a Harley Quinn comic. Crazy, random, and a lot of fun and. Any wait for the next one, but not something I’d re read.
love comic movies that make an effort to be different and take risks
Very entertaining and a original storyline, this is rare.
well we liked the humor, the girl power and the wait a minute rewind sequences .. the soundtrack was pretty great .. and we all enjoyed it.. looking forward to putting this in our very small DC collection. . btw, Black Canary rocked and so did Huntress n Rosie.. way to go ladies .. Ewan nice ring 😏
Margot Robbie was so good as Harley Quinn, you forget she's actually Margot Robbie. She puts on a funny loveable performance thats on par with Joaquin Phoenix as Joker....just he went dark crazy and sadistic with his performance.
Full of drama, never a dull moment
 Also had some funny scenes as well. I could watch this movie a 2nd time
Margot is perfect. But I found the film very average and the soundtrack was noisy and completely out of sync with the scenes, the characters besides the owner of the film were not able to arouse my interest. Ewan I consider him an excellent actor but here he was hyper, forced. The film is not good, but it is not bad. It's just meh!
The only good part of Birds Of Prey was the final fight scene.  Margo Robbie lost something from her performance in Suicide Squad.  Yet another yawner from DC.
great watch! not the best, but super entertaining!
I'M SORRY! I'M SORRY..... But I don't get it! I understand why a lot of people do not like this movie, but for me, it's a nonstop blast of amazing fun! I would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants some entertainment. Robbie And McGregor give strongest performances. Go see this movie! 🍿
First Half Was Just Okay, 2nd Half Was Better. It Seemed Kind Of Short, Im Guessing Because They Spent So Much Time Storytelling In The Beginning, So By The Time They Got To The Real Action It Was Time To Go Soon After. DC Needs To Work On Their Storylines...
I was cautiously optimistic because some DC movies are terrible, but I really liked this one! I would definitely recommend it if you like these characters or fun action movies.
DC just needs to keep Rated R movies coming. Villains and anti-hero films work best in my opinion.
Very strong female roles, great storyline, great characters, and unlike Charlies angels remake, this movie does a much better job of showing how badass females are instead of just talking about it.
Amazing movie , very fun . The best
Had some pacing issues, and also how they handled some of the characters but very fun movie overall.
If you liked Deadpool you'll like this.  Its basically the DC/Female version of Deadpool
loved it!! Robbie is awesome and so are the other girls!!
Fun time at the movies. Good action, good soundtrack, lots of good comedy. DC's Deadpool is an apt description.
I loved it! She was so bad ass and funny!
The talking through the movie was boring and not exciting as suicide
great movie. Great characters. Great Cast. 👍👍👍👍👍
Fun, laughs, not as dark as past Gotham/ Batman movies.. Lost some of the feel. A bit heavy on graphic violence.
IS VERY COOL! I LOVE.
Fell asleep 3 times. Son woke me once, daughter woke me twice. Just couldn't keep my attention. Never have to struggle to stay awake during marvel movies.
‪BIRDS OF PREY exudes BDE energy.  Cathy Yan directed the shit out of this movie - stylized, funny and very violent. A huge win for DC. It goes without saying that Robbie was born to play Harley. Go see this one with your friends! ‬
Very thin plot.  Doesn't feature Harley's personality.
that was not a very good movie at all
Best action amd fight choreography I've ever seen in a super hero film. Hard R fun.
The choreography, pace, and editing were a mess. The story was nonsensical. I went into this movie really wanting to like it, instead I really wanted to leave.
Awesome movie stat to very end
E um filme muito bom e divertido  .
terrible movie, I almost walked out but waited to see if there was anything redeeming, there's not.  the fight scenes were poorly choreographed and it was a depressing boo hoo I lost my boyfriend for the first 45 minutes. acting was sub par at best. screenplay sucked and the directing had much to be desired.  I lived Suicide Squad, this was no Suicide Squad. very disappointed, I held high hopes for this movie, it did not deliver. what a shame.
The story is way out there. No plot. Couldn’t wait for it to end.
Fun with plenty of action & a few laughs, very enjoyable.
Great action, great storytelling and visually stunning.
As far as DC movies go, not the best.  With that said I really enjoyed it.   Harley Quinn is a great character.
Very Harley, very violent, and very good
Loved it. Cathy Yan and Margot Robbie made something special
this was a great movie.  margot robbie stole the show in the manner that ledger carried dark knight. its a hard R rating, so I'd deff leave the lils home. its a shame that poor marketing will likely hurt ticket sales, because this movie deserves better.
Oh it's good. Makes up for Suicide Squad's failures. Easily the most fun DC movie so far. Fun violence that earns the R rating by unleashing Harley and these other characters. Margot Robbie is the only person who could have played this character in such an enjoyable and charismatic way. Entertaining villian. Some very minor missteps in my opinion but I loved the movie and had an absolute blast watching it
Worst DCEU movie. Poor story, complete butchering of Black Mask, Zsasz, and Cassandra Cain as characters, rampant misandry, and missed LGBT opportunities.
Lazy plot but loads of fun nonetheless.
We are welcomed into the mind of Harley and the pedal never lets up. If given the chance to blink, you will miss every second of the depth Margot Robbie gives to Harley. If these bird’s prey, were to see it coming...they’d want to bring carnage even harder.
I had a great time with this movie. Not perfect, but a fun time at the movies if you love some graphic violence and lots of glitter!
Margot Robbie played a great Harley Quin. the characters were well developed.
Absolutely a must-see. This is better than Joker. LOVE H.Q!!
Where do I even start wit this? Just avoid this film. I hope it fails. WB has no idea what they are doing with DC properties and this could be what breaks the camels back.

Margot Robbie was AMAZING as Harley Quinn. She shined the entire film. This should have been called Harley. She was the ONLY good thing about this film.

Birds of Prey is only Birds of Prey in the name only. All of the characters were so off. Cassanadra Cain was NOT Cassandra Cain by any stretch. Rene Montoya was NOT Rene Montoya in the least. Dinah was barely Dinah. If she never uses her powers then so what? Huntress was the closest to her character but there just wasn't much there. Victor Zsasz was too sane to be Victor.

They can't even show the Joker. They are so afraid to use Jared Leto but this is a continuation. They even use a little footage from Suicide Squad to tell Harley's story but they leave Joker out. So freaking dumb. Commit already.

The fight scenes were so generic and so freaking slow. It was all choreographed and it was BORING. There was no style to this film. It was boring and I almost fell asleep.

I am to the point where I hate the fact the WB owns DC. I really do. This film should have been so much more.
AMAZING. DC FOREVER ❤❤
BoP is just a genuinely fun time with a unique style. It runs at a breezy pace with a diverse cast of distinctive and interesting characters. The movie is an interesting mixture of live-action cartoon, spaghetti western, crime saga, and more flamboyant superhero flick. I must especially stress the crime saga aspect. What separates this from a lot of other superhero films is the emphasis on the multiple interconnected storylines that all mesh together at the end.

Director Cathy Yan brings a unique style to the whole thing. Pacing is tight. Music is good. The costumes and sets have this fascinating combo of bright seventies/eighties pop and the inner city and the criminal world. Seriously, I don't think I've ever seen anything quite like this.

Margot Robbie does an excellent job as Harley. Though her Brooklyn accent never sounds quite convincing, she appears to be having a ball. The entire cast is good and I just don't have enough time to mention them all.

Admittedly, this is a very lightweight film. Even the comedic Deadpool movies had more of a stronger emotional backbone for the characters. To clarify, this shouldn't be put on the same level of lightweight superhero films of old, specifically Batman Forever or Batman and Robin. Effort is put into building this world.

And yeah, what everyone else has been saying is true. There aren't a lot of Birds of Prey in this Birds of Prey movie. Though all the BoP members have their moments to shine, this is a Harley Quinn movie. This kind of feels like a backdoor pilot for the superhero team. I'm especially disappointed we didn't get more time with Huntress (Cloverfield Lane and Fargo season 3's Mary Elizabeth Winstead) who gets the least amount of screentime.

It's also true that fans of the BoP comics may be disappointed in certain changes from them. In particular, Cassandra Cain (Ella Jay Baso) who originally was an assassin trained from birth and one-time Batgirl is now a sterotypical streetwise latchkey kid.

Just a heads up that though this R-rated movie is trying to have fun and may not be super dark like the recent Joker there are a couple moments that may be a bit much for some. The villains Black Mask (Ewan McGregor) and Victor Zsaz (Chris Messina) do a few pretty messed up things in this. Though I don't think any comic book movie in recent memory has done such a good job of making you hate the villains.

Overall, I can't say this is the most substantive superhero film, but it's such a joy to watch.
For those who are worried... This movie meets the R- rated ratings. It really portrays Harley Quinn's colorful violence, whether it was from her glitter gun or colorful bombs to crushing bones and small blood splatters. Although the character may get a little childish; The movie itself still does do a good job with expressing Harley and what the fans have been looking for thus far. Great movie! If it were up to me, a sequel would be nice. The only thing I would expect is better cinematography. Yes, the movie still had great colorful cinematic scenes. It's just some clips seemed a little cheap and scratchy. Also, a bigger budget so that we as fans can get to see both of Harley's hyenas instead of just Bruce "named after that hunky Wayne guy". It will really complete Harley Quinn's overall definition. Great masterpiece! This movie deserves it's success and many fresh tomatoes. 8/10 rating on my behalf.
The move is fun, funny and crazy. Director Cathy Yan has a hit on her hands with this one. Margot Robbie is fantastic once again as Harley Quinn, but this time she's  joined by Huntress, black Canary and Rene Montoya. The whole cast does a great job, but for me the thing that sets this film apart is the action scenes, some of the best I have ever scene in a CB movie. Definitely recommend this film to all, enjoy.
its a really good movie worth the price
Totally outrageous but pretty entertaining - can be saved for your couch unless you really are craving movie popcorn.
Terrible terrible awful movie, the worst movie I've seen since sucker punch.
The movie had a very weak plot and very weak dialogue. In fact I think half the audience was asleep during the movie. I know I took a nap. Thank God for reclining seats! Save your money and go see wonder woman 1984. It was just awful.
Yeah the movie sucked
This movie was just good old fashioned gratuitous fun.
Gotta love my girl,  Harley Freaken Quinn
scene with the baseball bat was the highlight
Super fun and a nice change from the formulaic super hero movie style
Ehh. I like almost everything, but this was not good.  Boring. Bad acting. I was not entertained.
This movie I feel relies a lot on previous comic book  knowledge to really enjoy this movie. There are some easter eggs and dialogue that would go over the average viewers head; which takes away from the enjoyment of this experience.  Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn was amazing and she embodies this character extremely well. The supporting cast does fall a bit flat though and I really didn't engage much with them. I feel this movie should have shown us a bit more of their backstory in order to really have a connection. I wouldn't have minded this movie being around 15 minutes longer. I did see this trend of males being viewed extremely negatively as other reviewers have pointed out...yet it didn't really bother me as much. The movie starts off slow and it is drab and dull, yet it finishes off strong and overall it scratched my itch to see a movie.
A fun movie with good writing. The villain was fun, but he turned a little too cartoony for me in the end. I also feel like Huntress was super under used.
This was a really fun, bright, action packed movie.  Lots of good comedy.  If you liked Harley in Suicide Squad you’ll like this one.  If you’re looking for a movie with a lot of meaning and purpose, it’s probably not going to meet your needs.
One of the greatest movies I have ever seen in my entire life!!!!!! Not a single dull moment!!! I'm in love!
I enjoyed it . Didn’t know what to expect. Margot Robbie is good again . Fun cast . Good popcorn movie Ha 
Grow up LOVING Harley Quinn and Mergot Robbie did not disappoint! :-)
I loved this movie. All of the cast were amazing, but Margot brings the the wonderful Harley to life in the greatest of ways.
it is even worse than suicide squad
Well, I think the movie is really good
Pros:
Action scenes
Humour
Harley Quinn & Black Mask performances
Cassandra Cain(Ella) was great
Screenplay & story
Soundtracks especially like Suicide squad, were awesome
Cons:
I don't understand why Harley lead them instead of Batwoman & This is not really supposed to be Harley's movie why again? Wasn't Batwoman the one that's supposed to lead BOP? Whatever, aside from that, Huntress & Black Canary had no Screentime they deserve! Well, I'll give this movie credit to everyone including the director casting & music artists... Not just Margot, everyone deserves credit everyone gave the best of their performances!
It was ok. Plot was pretty messy and full of conveniences. I didn't find it very funny. Most characters are interesting and fun to watch. It's a very 'meh' movie.
The best modern DC film! Margo totally nailed who Harley Quinn is and how she reacts to things. Also... the Birds of Prey are "boss *ss broads" (Harley quote).
The movie felt like DC's attempt at Deadpool. It was the same 1,2 throughout the movie to the point it became predictable.
Good movie. Wasnt exceptional or jaw dropping but it was a good movie. Once you let the story build it gets pretty good. As an avic DC comics fan, it definitely exceeded my expectations with subtle references to the comics and the DCEU. There were definitely some twists and turns in the movie that I did not expect as wel so it did keep me on the edge of my seat as well. Again, overall, great movie and this is a stepping stone for the DCEU.
Birds of prey does it!the fantabulous emancipation does not dissapoint the fans giving them all the hype that was worth!
It was incredible!! Really stuck to the true spirit of Harley from the comics. Probably one if not the best live action DC film yet.
This movie was a giant piece of crap.  The fight scenes were good, a couple of groans from great hits during fights, but the plot is so weak and dialogue so cheesy I felt dumber for having watched it.
Leading up to this movie, I thought the trailers were bad. Like, really bad. But, I had an underlying suspicion that this movie was gonna blow my socks off somehow.

It didn't.

Most of the reasons why are spoiler-related, so I can't go into much. I really enjoyed Huntress. I would like to see more of her in the future. Black Canary was cool. The cop was such a bad character, though, script-wise. The kid was written as "hey look at me I'm a kid doing bad things, isn't that so rebellious of me?" so that was kinda whatever. See - that's the thing, too - the script is just... bad. There's SO MUCH POTENTIAL here. Somewhere. I wanted to like this movie but I just didn't.
Fresh taste to superhero movies with realistic girl struggles
La escena de acción es buena.. Pero no salva el mal desarrollo de la película, le falta corazón a la película, al final de la película, ningún personaje ya no te interesaba.
Margo looked 10X better in Suicide Squad. “Tank Girl” is a better movie
DC finally hit their stride with this one. As a DC Comics fan, I've found myself defending most of these DCU films. This one speaks for itself. 
It was very good. Loved all the women.
It tried too hard to be Deadpool.
I absolutely loved it. It was so funny, colorful, and just...fun. The fight scenes were awesome. The music was great. Margot Robbie was amazing, and so was the rest of the cast. Would see again for sure.
The first 30-45 minutes and most of the jokes are meh, but the rest of it is extremely good. Cast is great, music fits in really well (unlike Suicide Squad) and the action/fighting is phenomenal.
nice...but so-so action.
Ok....its a Haley Quin movie! So go see a Harley Quin movie!  It is crazy! It is fun! It goes fast! Enjoy!
Really fun and entertaining movie with lots of comedy, action and an all-around unique style.
One of the more enjoyable comic book adaptations. Margot Robbie gave an excellent turn as Harley Quinn and Ewan McGregor must have had the time of his life filming this. I hope to see more like this from the DC movies in the future.
It was pretty fun to watch Harley Quinn do Harley stuff.
Better than Suicide Squad 9.8/10 and B+ for me 🤟
Movie was a visual pleasure. So much fun for the entire time. all the colors and soundtrack to go with it. it should be viewed by all.
Great movie!!! Bad****
I went out and saw this with my Boyfriend tonight and we both found each other genuinely giggling at the jokes and shock humor all throughout the film! With great pacing, a villain I'm sure I won't forget for a while, and genuinely fantastic choreography (the police station scene was my favorite), I'm glad to see that DC is on a roll with the last 2 films (Joker and Birds of Prey!) If you're looking for a funny story with an amazing plotline, make SURE to watch this!
Slow start but picked up pretty good. The acting was really good.  Ewan Mcgregor seemed like he was having a blast the whole time.
It was a decent movie with it's own faults and changes from the comics. It did keep me a bit entertained and got a couple of laughs out of me. As long as you go in with the thought of a Harley Quinn movie it won't be that bad but if you go in as this is going to be like the comic you will be disappointed
Terrible plot and acting
It’s was amazing I loved it
My son and i went and loved it
The movie had it's moments! Ewan McGregor was the best part of the movie for me. The story and cut scenes were a little muddy. We were entertained though.
Absolutely amazing! Check it out!!!
It was entertaining. Would have been better with the Joker in this but whatevs. Being back Jared Leto!!!!!
Boom pow pound! Harley was great, huntress was awesome, boring plot, exhausting movie. Judge for yourself but it's most certainly not a must see!
Birds of Prey comes close to being good but can't quite pull it off. The film offers two great performances in Margot Robbie and Ewan McGregor, some great cinematography, funny banter between the characters, and a few exciting action scenes. But the lack of character development, sidelining the rest of the birds of prey besides Harley, and a predictable story that audiences have seen multiple times before really holds the film back. Overall it's entertaining at best but don't go in expecting another Wonder Woman or Shazam.
I liked Harley, was corny in some good and bad ways. Very predictable, but the director did a good job. Title was misleadong, that being it was mostly about Harley and not the Birds Of Prey.
Margot Robbie perfectly portrayed Harley Quinn in the best way possible. Birds of Prey had a great storyline, and Ewan McGregor did a great job portraying the villain, The Black Mask.
Has trouble finding any tone. Trys to be a comedy like deadpool, then swings radically at certain times like a very uncomfortable sexual abuse scene.
Not at all what I expected but not sure that I actually expected.  Just not very good!
Great action scenes!! Definitely recommend 😅
This movie was terrible, don’t waste your money
Inaccurate character portrayals, especially Cassandra, Huntress, Blackmask and Zsasz. Bad dialogue, bad action, terriblr costumes (wtf was Huntress wearing?) and a plot that laughs at the notion of logic and common sense. So this is a really bad movie.
It was amazing! Visually spectacular, high octane action, it was almost everything a Harley Quinn movie should be! Even without a cameo from Batman or the Joker, it was QUINTASTIC!
Worst DC movie yet. And I didn't know that was possible.
Boring movie, bad dialogue, poor story line. Multiple flashbacks were aggravating.
I really enjoy the movie overall there was a lot of action and story was great.
More entertaining than I thought it’d be
I love this movie. It's funny. It has great action sequences. And even has a surprising amount of heart. The cast is wonderful. The direction is top notch and the script is great. It's a must see for everyone.
Good! Insane like Harley herself, but good. Film did a good job capturing the insanity of this character and it played out well. 
Action packed . Would of liked to actually see the joker and her have some fun before the break up .
This movie was amazing. I enjoyed watching Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn kick ass. I also liked Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Huntress. It was interesting seeing Ewan McGregor as Black Mask, he makes a great villain.
was action packed and original. would loooove to see another solo Harley movie
The beginning of the movie was not great: things like Harley saying "I have an idea" and 2 seconds later small light bulbs blinking made me feel like jokes being explained right in front of me. These things happened the entire movie but kept becoming less explicit until I was happy with it. I really liked the way Gotham was represented, a vision somehow connected to augmented reality. Some funny moments reminded me of sutle comedy shows, like Brooklyn 99.
blew it out of the water
Absolutely amazing.  So well done.  Chose some spectacular actresses to play the characters.
I need more Harley Quinn! This was much bettee than I anticipated & I will go see it again in theaters. #girlgang
Awesome movie, lots of fun. Margot Robbie is great as Harley, and I loved the rest of the cast as well. Great balance of humor, action, craziness, and girl power!
Started slow and finished with a bang.
Everything to be excited!
One of the most fun movies I've seen in ages, the characters were fun and well thought out, the action was kick ass, it was everything I wanted from a Harley Quinn movie ❤
the storyline was horrible. not enough action. when did she have time to put skates on. I need a refund of $50 smh..... I don't know who gave this movie the ok but they couldn't have seen it and thought it was a good movie. it seems the movie was just put out because of the following she got in suicide squad and I liked her in that movie. yall didn't do her any justice in this movie
ai sinceramente? perfeito
I liked it a lot.  I strong female characters.
It was a pretty good movie with a good story line.
great movie! totally what I was and wasn't expecting. can't wait for the sequels to come! good job Margot
it was alright. wasn't terrible but wasn't all that good either.
Great fight scenes, girl power all the way!
I've been a fan of Harley Quinn since I was a kid and this movie absolutely delivered such a satisfying experience for me. I loved the way it was shot, the colors, the characters, the humor.. I loved it all! I'll be seeing it a couple more times!
Cool fights. Funny at times. Light on feminism but it's there. didnt mind it too much though. it was fine. Joker got criticism because of violence let's see if the critics say the same about this one. It was fine.
The movie was decent. Better than suicide squad, Batman v Superman, justice league. Not DCs worst movie by any means but left a lot to be desired.
fun movie! harley is crazier than ever and black canary is a breakout character!
Non stop crazy wildcardness. Jokes and violence make this a DCEU thrill ride.
Birds of Prey is nothing but an extremely fun and enjoyable ride full of laughs, thrilling action and great performances; especially from Margot Robbie.
it was an ok movie. I think they tried too hard to make it like ride on the same lines as Deadpool, but didn't quite land it the same way. I did love the all female lead bad ass cast, Director, and writer. it just lacked enough consistency and allure to keep you watching. Some of the characters were way weaker than they should have been, and some with disappointing personalities.
Good action but some slow parts as well nodded off a bit.. Lol
More screen time for my Hispanic beauty would have been better 🥺
I liked it it felt long and deserved it’s rated R rating. It’s good but not good for kids because Ewan Mcgregors character is very violent and not good for little kids.
really funny and creative
All Harley (who’s great), no Birds.
Huntress could have been much better, movie was slow at some points
Boring. Fight scenes are so overly choreographed, it's boring to watch. The story is so jumpy, funny moments are dumb. It's a three minute scene to find out the name of "Huntress."
Entertaining for sure. Beautiful & stunning visual. Sound track will blow your ears. Plot's simple but not boring, feel like you're being in the story of the Harley Quinn.
Will i see it again? - Hell yeah!! DC's rising from the dust. #runM
Funny, entertaining and just the right amount of action. Oh and ofcourse our lord and savior, Jesu-- err Kenob-- err Ewan McGregor was in it too! Great acting from across the board!
3 stars pretty good movie for a DC film but it could have been better. I was hoping they build upon Shazaam but apparently not. Best parts of them film are with Black Mask.
I watch A LOT of movies and this was one of the worst I have ever seen. script bad, scenes bad, editing bad, music bad, nothing worth seeing
One of the best adaptations of a comic book character to the big screen yet. As funny as Deadpool and as deliciously violent as John Wick. But with better outfits.
Totally pointless and boring sequel.
A movie that's just full of fun with clever humor, fun action, and a great cast. Definitely another win for DC.
I liked this movie, I thought Ewan McGregor was hilarious and Harley Quinn was great. 
A great ride of twists, and a whole lot of action and fun. Most definitely will be seeing again, and I advise everybody to do the same! Overall a great film, can’t wait for Gotham City Sirens 😎
I watched this movie twice, last night. This is nothing like the dark, serious Suicide Squad. Birds of Prey introduces some cool new characters and a twisted, funny bad guy while really diving into the character of Harley Quinn from her beginnings to her breakup with Joker and its aftermath. She's intelligent, impulsive, and violent in a way that makes her lovable (I'd join her in a life of crime). Margot Robbie is brilliant in everything she does and Birds of Prey is no exception. By the way, if you haven't seen her as Tony Harding in I, Tonya, then get a subscription to Hulu or watch it for a small fee on YouTube or Amazon Prime.

The cinematography is beautiful and I love how smoke, water, and glitter add to the beauty of the action. There's lots of action and the director, Cathy Yan,  fight choreographer, Jon Valera, and stunt coordinator Jonathan "Jo Jo" Eusebio directed 100 stunt performers in fight scenes, foot chases, and car chases that had me on the edge of my seat and laughing at the same time.

The soundtrack is perfect and it goes especially well with a few scenes that have a hallucinogenic quality. There's lots of old music, new music, and new covers of old classics. I tried to download it on iTunes, last night, but the soundtrack wasn't yet released. I'll check, again, after I post this.

The movie is rated R for profanity and there are two or three parts of scenes that are a bit graphic but most of the violence is cartoon violence. 

It's a great film, it's a lot of fun, and I'm hoping for more.
It was a fantastic movie! It had me laughing and on the edge of my seat the whole time.
Amazing A+ action film with a unique yet charming story telling from cast members with good acting. Superb action sequences and a bit of a lesson about embracing the selves and banding together in a world of turbulence.
Incredible,Amazing,Outstanding Movie,Margot Robbie One More Time Killing It,Ewan Amazing Like always,Great Action Scenes..Great Performance And Outstanding Cast...
If you're on the fence about seeing #birdsofprey and want some insight: FUCKING DO IT! it was a riot and I wouldn't mind seeing it again in theater. The fight scenes are amazingly well done and hilarious. This is a feel good film from start to finish. 10/10 would recommend
The most fun movie I have ever seen
Way better than what I thought it was going to be.  the script, acting and way the movie was shot was much better than expected.
Fantastic movie. From the acting to the cinematography, it's incredible. Margot Robbie plays Harley Quinn perfectly, and Ewan Mcgregor as Black Mask is perfect casting. Bravo.
Terrible story line.
this was complete trash. Such a waste of time. This is not Birds of Prey if anyone knows anything about Birds of Prey, you know this is not it and they made Black Mask so damn corny!!! What are you doing DC?! WHY!?!
Ame con toda el alma está peli. Black canary was the best for me 👌🏾👌🏾👌🏾👌🏾👌🏾
Good performances, clunky plot
Very funny. Robbie and McGregor are amazing. Felt like it needed another 10-15 minutes, it got bogged down by some clichés, and it rushed too hard into the 3rd act. Minor flaws aside, I had a ton of fun.
Entertaining! Fun! Loved it!
Think of BIRDS OF PREY as a 2020s version of SUCKER PUNCH + A predictable riot girl soundtrack + John Wick fight choreography.

The movie really shouldn't be called BIRDS OF PREY as all the main characters aren't even in the same room until literally the last 10-12 minutes of the movie. Ewan MacGregor is wasted in this film and the rest of the cast (Huntress, Black Canary, Cassandra Cain) are a mismatch to their comic book characters. Mary Elizabeth Winstead as The Huntress....Really??!!

Anyhoo.....this is a movie you see for free on a subscription (Amc A-List or Regal Unlimited)......do not pay full price to see it.
Great movie ! No post or end credit scene
The fight scenes were incredible to watch. So well choreographed, so fun to see. Margot Robbie amazed as always, and Mary Elizabeth Winstead was also amazing and hilarious. Interesting to see Ewan McGregor in this villainous role; he was very evil and a lot of fun!
I really liked this movie, the style, the action, the characters were all so good (even though Huntress wasn't more than a glorified cameo.) The fight scenes are top notch and brutal. Plus there weren't any "men suck, women are better" moments, but there weren't many "good" men in it either. Overall I really liked it and can't wait for the next installment with these birds!
Boring and disappointing dc film. Suicide squad was Atleast entertaining
it was really fun and full of action. not a superhero movie that's for sure which was amazing. it was wild and beautiful. I was originally skeptical but after seeing it so worth it.
Awesome movie through and through. Would easily see it twice!
Wasted Black Mask nothing like the comics. Black Carany was nothing like she's suppose to be the actress was not good as black Carany the rest of the cast was awful except for Margo Robbie as Harley Quinn she was the only good thing In this movie.
Fun action pack movie 🍿!!!
Movie makes no sense, the cursing in the DCEU seems so out of place. Cassandra Cain was laughable at best and Black Canary is a farce. The marketing also did not help this movie at all. As a DC fan this movie is absolute hog wash. The fight choreography is cool but dumb ie Harley can beat up a dozen big guys but struggle against grandma Renee Montoya. Seriously if anyone wants to get a good birds of prey storyline, just read the comics. They're much, MUCH better. 3/10. Had so much potential but alas no.
long movie about nothing, get some sleep before you go unless you don't mind falling asleep at theater
A serve is a serve is a serve.
Amazing. Phenomenal. I want to see it again.
Loved it.  If you haven't seen any of the others, you can see this one because they make sure you understand the history! Harley Quinn is adorable throughout!!
It was fantastic! Tied the comic to the cinema. Loved every minute of it. Didnt mention her gymnastics in her back story but clearly displayed her gymnastic capability.  Such a good movie and I think I definitely love her emancipation from The Joker. Definitely a must see. Not a kids movie Took my niece and Nephew They are 15 and 17. A lot of action. Didn't want to miss a moment.
Very good movie, the way to break the fourth wall is great and I expect more from Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn.
Really good kick butt girl movie! Very entertaining!
complete garbage! rather watch teletubbies!
I live in FL and went to the 4:00 PM show. There were 9 people in a 350 seat auditorium. Fell asleep 4-5 X. Boring, no plot and the horrible fight scene at the end. Glad I only paid $12 for 2 tickets. I hate to say this, but Batman VS Superman and Suicide Squad were better. The animated Harley Quinn show on DC Universe has a better storyline, acting, and characters.
BOP is a very unique but incredibly fun movie! Robbie is awesome as Quinn! Everyone does a great job!
I thought it had a great story. Lots of laughs and action. This is a fun teen-adult movie to pass a couple hours away. I believe you will enjoy it....
This movie was awesome! I was very hesitant because Suicide Squad was soooo horrible... but this was nothing like it. The editing was incredible... the stunts were freaking cool and the fight scenes looked great... it was artistic... it was crazy... it's a must see! LOVED IT!!
Wow not good extremely disappointed
Birds of Prey (5 out of 5 stars). Birds of Prey is an awesome superhero film focusing its story line of Harley Quinn and her coming across other female vigilante's like Black Canary, Huntress, and Renee Montoya. Birds of Prey is like the DCs version of Deadpool. It is fun, it breaks the ground barrier of fourth wall narration from Harley's storytelling, and the action is bloody fun. I did not have any expectations with this movie cause of its poor marketing with the trailers. Making the movie seem boring and annoying with Harley Quinn personality. After watching, I was surprised and I loved it. The plot does jump around a lot in the movie. It may not make sense in the first half hour of the movie. The film is narrated by Harley Quinn as she explains certain backstories like Huntress or Renee Montoya. And certain events which all leads up to them meeting up. It is a lot of fun with its narrative structure. Harley (Margot Robbie) is torn up about the break up from Joker. But now many bad guys are after her cause Joker is no longer protecting her. Meanwhile, Cassandra (Ella Jay Basco) pickpockets one of Roman/Black Mask (Ewan McGregor) henchman and stole a diamond that is worth a lot to him. Roman decides to put a bounty on Cassandra which Harley tries to protect her from. Which Renee (Rosie Perez), Huntress (Mary Elizabeth Winstead), and Dinah/ Black Canary (Jurnee Smollett-Bell) try to help her as well. The film is a lot of fun. The direction has its own visual and exciting style that never slows down. All thanks to director Cathy Yan. Which she handled scenes very well and did great with the action sequences. The action and fight sequences are entertaining and exciting. There are some gory scenes with Black Mask henchman skinning a guys face off. Got to remember it is an R rated film. Every fight scene is thrilling and worth watching. The climax taking place in a closed down theme park. Really felt like one awesome carnival ride with watching Harley, Dinah, Renee, and Huntress team up. Which kind of sucks cause they only team up in the climax of the movie. And you kind of want more. The cast ensemble did good with their characters. Margot Robbie is great as Harley. Mary Elizabeth Winstead is great as Huntress and a cross bow assassin with mood swings. Jurnee Smollett-Bell is great as Dinah but she only uses her black canary scream power only once in the movie. Chris Messina playing Roman's bodyguard is creepy. Ella Jay Basco is good playing Cassandra. Ewan McGregor is great as Black Mask. A psychotic and narcissistic villain with a metro personality. The movie is packed with a lot of action, a fun direction, and the soundtrack was also great with the movie as well. Overall, Birds of Prey is an awesome film. They story does jump around with its narrative but if you sit back and enjoy the ride of action and humor. It is worth seeing.
meh it was okay I guess. Bit predictable, trying to be a deadpool clone.
great movie 👍 lots of action
as saiorse ronan said in little women, "women-"
F'ing terrible. even harley is bad in this film. worst of the DCEU by far
‪movie was mediocre, alot of the characters get half assed origins and never get drawn out for you to feel much emotion for them. One of the worst characters has the most drawn out story and yet I dont find myself liking her anyway‬ ( the cop ). Also the girl that was supposed to be the most important has the most boring story and its bothersome. Shes annoying and it doesn’t work for me. Harley Quinn wasn’t bad but she could’ve done better in a less boring movie. The first 2 acts are the most boring part but I could see people like the movie for the last act. The 3rd act finally brings the whole cast together and its really good. The pacing was meh and once again, could’ve done better. I feel like the movie could’ve done been really good if it focused more on giving us a better story with the characters they gave us but they didnt. Movie wasnt that bad but not worth a rewatch. 4/10
This is a mess of a film. I was so disappointed, because I'm a Harley fan and really like the cast. This was just poorly executed & had some of the worst fight choreography I've seen. Not much redeeming about this one. The music was good though.
Amazing, SECOND MOVIE PLEASE 
Don’t call it s comeback but DC is starting to heat up!!! Hopefully the streak continues for years to come. Looking forward to Birds of Prey sequels
10/10 ACADEMY AWARD !!!!!!!
The action scenes are really good!
Tries to capture the retro comic book feel of the old Adam West TV show with its bright costumes, eccentric characters and corny humor but ... it falls flat. It's not funny at all and has no real plot. It also follows the recent trend of using the F-bomb in every other sentence - so I guess it is not aimed at children. Lots of gymnastic fight scenes so that's good, I guess.
full of action and go story!
So boring and stupid
Don't waste your time or money. I personally didn't choose to see this movie, I was outvoted. There were some ok scenes but you'll walk out wondering what the point was.
Love love love this movie. Margot was awesome. Great story, great characters and all around fun movie. I loved the action and the outcome. Go see this movie. Very entertaining.
Margot Robbie was a revelation when she burst onto the screens as the cocky Harley Quinn. She joined the ranks of irreplaceable superhero cast such as Hugh Jackman, Robert Downey Jr. , Gal Gadot & Stephen Amell . With Birds of Prey, Harley Quinn has made her way into our hearts and the box office.

Birds of Prey is one of the four superhero movies this year with a female director attached (Black Widow, WW84 & Eternals). The vision they have for the movies are entirely different as is the case with Birds of Prey. Harley Quin gets a complete makeover from what we saw in her debut live action appearance. Though credit has to be given to writer Christina Hodson (Bumblebee). Her vision for the all female team-up and Harley Quinn's arc is noteworthy! 

Margot Robbie continues to be the crazy, cuckoo anti-hero that she was in the Suicide Squad. In Birds of Prey, we see a whole new Quinn with no Joker controlling her. Robbie is picture perfect as the fragile & unpredictable Quinn. She owns her somewhat solo adventure with style. Her fight sequences are aplomb with colour & ingenuity. Though the same cannot be said about her teammates - Jurnee Bell as Dinah Lance, Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Huntress & Rosie Perez as Renee Montoya all get the shorter end of the stick with poor character arcs and dialogues. I am not complaining but Winstead's Huntress was amazing! The other standout of the movie is Ewan McGregor's Black Mask. I love it when McGregor goes all out & villainy. He is one of the most fun villains of the DCEU yet. 

Birds of Prey is the first R rated DCEU movie and rightly so. But I would have loved to see more skulls cracked open & blood like in the Harley Quinn animated series. But nevertheless, DCEU finally seems to be getting it's foothold in the crowded superhero universe. And the best part, we don't need to wait for long to see Robbie's Quinn in action as she returns in James Gunn's The Suicide Squad next year!
This movie was AMAZING. I loved all the costumes and jokes. The hyena was hilarious too.
Writers writers writers sometimes I can’t stomach the writing and this was today’s feel. Want a chum bucket then it’s for you.
It was...  it had some great moments.  Very stylized.   But it also had some cringe worthy moments too.  And sometimes it really pulled me out of the movie.   The police station scene, most specifically.   

I'll also say the clear message that "all men are bad" also sticks out farther than any other message the movie has.  There isn't ONE portrayal of a decent male character throughout the movie.  Not one.   Maybe that's just Gotham.  

The representation, more specifically the LGBT, or lack there of seemed down played compared to how it was marketed as.  Which is a shame.  

The actors did however give it their all and had great performances.   

Overall, this movie is ok.  Not great, not bad, but ok.
I appreciated the action (albeit the volume on the music was so distracting during said action), actors (loved Huntress, Dinah's attitude was spot on, Ewan, Rosie & Margot). Just times when the dialogue made me think well why'd they throw that in wasnt necessary. Like Huntress' dialogue was so wooden (for laughs..?) but it doesn't work & thats not her personality at all.
I'd give it a 71, wish the teamup happened sooner tbh
Good movie and everyone was nice and quiet
I'm one of those people who hated Suicide Squad but I always stood by my opinion that Harley was one of the aspects I didn't absolutely hate in that movie. I don't know if it's Margot Robbie's great portrayal or what but she's the one part of that film that I genuinely have never had a problem with.

So going into this film, I didn't know what to expect. I've kept up with it for a while because a few people I'm close with were hyped so I figured I'd learn what it was about and wow did I have a great time.

First off, this is a Harley Quinn movie first and a Birds of Prey movie second. And I think that it does both very well. It manages to deliver a very fun Harley Quinn story with a great villain in Ewan McGregor's Black Mask and Chris Messina's Zsasz. Both were terrific and a lot of fun. They're two awful, awful villains that just steal almost every scene they're in.

Harley and Cass' relationship is great and I truly believed these two bonded in the way they did. Apparently a lot of people are upset that Cass isn't comic accurate but I've got no idea who she is in the comics so she was fine for me here.

The movie also manages to set up the Birds of Prey in a great way. Dinah gets the most development but Renee and Helena also get a fair bit to do, more than I expected. All three of these characters are fun, too. I loved Dinah but Helena was a true standout for me. Maybe it's because she has such a small role yet worked it very well or maybe her personality just worked for me. At the end of the day, all three of these characters are great and were set up in a really solid way that makes me genuinely want to see more.

This movie is also really really stupid. And it knows it is. It reminds me of Hobbs and Shaw if Hobbs and Shaw's script wasn't total ass. The script here isn't anything amazing, mind you, but it is a really fun Tarantino-esque paced film that I really loved. The non-linear story structure made it work a lot better than I expected and all of the flashbacks and things intercut work because they were elements that were set up early.

Even Harley's narration and constant fourth wall breaks work because instead of being played for "cleverness", it's just her narrating still, it never comes out of nowhere. The film's jokes pretty much always landed for me and it has an almost slapstick vibe to it that was great in some parts.

The action is also terrific. It makes sense as apparently it was worked on by one of the people who worked on John Wick, so that's cool. There's also a killer soundtrack that really help those moments. The camera work in it is also fantastic, lots of genuinely great shots and the film's color palate is so beautiful.

As far as flaws go, I can't think of too many off the top of my head. I think one issue is that the film drags a bit in the second act. Nothing too major but there's a few moments where I kinda hoped it would pick up and the second it did my energy picked up as well and I loved the film again.

Overall, Birds of Prey is an absolute joyride from start to finish that I really wanna see it again. It's easily my favorite DCEU movie and I hope they can keep this up because this was really great. All of the characters were solid and the film looks gorgeous.
Greatest value of movie was when I walked out. Gave it a chance for 70 minutes just to be fair. Another DC failure
The DCEU is slowly getting better when it comes to the past 3 movies
I love this movie DC universe taking over this year
Absolutely amazing loved it!!!! Wish I could give a higher rating😱🤩
love that movie funny and action.
I thought this movie was a lot of fun
It’s alright but I enjoy it 
Awesome + fun filled + colourful + crazy !!!
Ok  I was entertained, But if U like this sort of weird movie....?@Not much of a plot.  She had to explain lots.  I did enjoy the hyena!  I wouldn't recommend the movie. but it  got me & my disabled wife out of the house. :)  It showed that a lot of effort was put into the entire production. Acting was good but I really wouldn't brag I went to see it.
Absolutely fantastic movie from start to finish. Fun, funny, and colorful with some of the most badass action scenes I've seen in a long time.
Too much exposure of characters that don't do (almost) anything. It's 90% Harley and 10% the other girls, with not enough motivation from Harvey to help the little one. Tried to imitate deadpool with some others styles but didnt quite knew what they wanted and make a collage... plz dc, dont go back.
A movie about a woman's strife about getting an egg sandwich, a diamond, brucy and a hair tie. Do not see this, even on streaming.
Really good movie. Margot stole the show. So far my dceu ranking. Shazam, Wonder Woman, Aquaman, birds of prey, man of steel, Batman v Superman dawn of justice, justice league, and finally suicide squad. I would put joker number 1 if I could 
this movies was so bad and cringe. it was a total waste of my time. looks like someone is paying to up the viewer score.
Birds of Prey was so much fun and Margot Robbie was fantastic as Harley Quinn.
Absolutely loved it way better than Suicide Squad A+ Margaret Robbie is amazing as Harley Quinn perfect casting
Another dystopian nightmare that may say more about American culture than this particular movie. It reminded me of Joker, but with a much shallower presentation - one committed to hold to its nihilistic theme.
Margot Robbie was outstanding and brought heart and depth to Harley. Kickass BAMF.
It's alright, found myself really bored and out of the movie for a decent bit. Disappointing overall, but it's not terrible by any means.
What a great movie absolutely loved it
It's a lot of fun, Margot Robbie is the best part of the movie.
Not worth the money, story line is not interesting, predictable 
This movie gets an F from the Quentin Tarantino's school of wanna be. Tried to imitate the Tarantino formula with hard action sequences intermingled with flashbacks to further details of storyline. It didn't work.  Story, dialog and back stories are weak. Actors did their best with what they got. The film is predictable, loud and awful.
EXCELLENT action sequences. Top notch performance from Margo as always. The other characters were great but need more backstory down the line.

The weak aspect are some cheesy dialogs here and there but nothing too big to tale you off the films.

Harley Quinn was freaking hilarious in many scenes. The final act is were everyone comes together and they really delivered on that end.

Leagues better than Suicide Squad!

Great cinematography and soundtrack as well.
This movie was extremely disappointing. It was basically a bad girl wreaking havoc, destroying everything for no real purpose and then they tried to throw in her saving a kid in the end to redeem her. There’s just no story here. If you like pointless destruction this movie may be for you.
Terrible movie dont waste your time
Except Cassandra everything of the movie is on point. One of the best Action movie.
“i’m the one you should be scared of, not Mr. J, because i’m HARLEY FREAKING QUINN.” best movie i’ve ever seen. to all the butt hurt men in the comments, you have tons of marvel and dc comic movies where the men are good guys. this is an amazing witty movie that made me chuckle more than once. Finally, a movie that isn’t deeply rooted in misogyny. Love Margot Robbie. “
Funny and wildly entertaining. Just forget making it make sense in reality and go with the fun!
Very entertaining. Margot Robbie plays the heck out of the role. And love the addition of the other women in Birds of Prey, especially the Black Canary. The beginning could of been a little better but got over that real soon.
There was an abundance of voice over and I'm not the biggest fan of this type of story-telling. The movie didn't make much effort on making me feel anything for the characters.
I’m the one you should be scared of not you not Mr. J because I’m harley freaking Quinn
I really wanted to like this movie, but I'm so over the men=bad BS. Literally, every guy in this movie who had a line wasn't a creepy, perverted douchebag. They didn't need to do that. There wasn't a single antagonist female in the whole movie. 

One scene had Harley take out a whole police station (all men btw) with a beanbag gun! 

It was over the top like a sequel to Suicide Squad.
Not good. Terrible characters and boring plot
I only saw this because I wanted to see Margot Robbie have more fun as Harley Quinn. She was good, but the movie was BORING, something a comic book movie should never be. I expected the movie to show the exploits of the Birds of Prey, since that was it's title. Sadly the "team" only shows up at the end. Huntress, Montoya and Black Canary get short shrift as the film focuses on and is narrated by Harley. If director was sincere about the mood she was trying to establish she should have gone full "WHAM" "POP" "BANG" ala Adam West's Batman. What she ended up with devolves into camp, but does not celebrate it like the TV show did. Warner continues to prove they cannot make comic book movies. They should just surrender and just sell the DC rights to Disney/Marvel. At least they have more hits than misses: not all hits, but more than Warner DC.
exactly what expected #harleyquinn
A good addition with some flaws. It feels a bit rushed in spots but overall, it's a really good time.
The movie is amazing. Margot Robbie really made this happen. It had so many things you didn't expect or see in other DC/WB movies. It's funny, crazy, and random. Definitely deserves better than what people are describing it as.
Loved it. Irreverent and fun with sets that reminds one of a badass John Wick movie with women. 
Great movie. Margot Robbie did a wonderful job has Harley Quinn. I’m really glad that they left out the Joker. It was a lot more dark and I was expecting and I thoroughly enjoyed that. 1000% better then any other DC movies besides Wonder Woman.
Super fun movie, definitely recommend it if you want to see Margot Robbie acting like a psychopath! 9/10, just an honest rating, but I would absolutely watch it again.
Much better than expected, Margot really puts everything into her performance
I thought it was a great movie. It was fun. I cared about the characters and their motivations. It definitely takes a leaf out of Suicide Squad's book in terms of art design but it totally fits and that's about all that's borrowed. It felt like a crazy Harley Quinn comic book movie. It's paced well. It doesn't feel like a two hour movie but in a good way. It's out there at times but also has moments of heart and character building. It definitely focus on one or two characters more than the others but everyone gets a decent amount of screen time. One of the top DC comic book movies to come out.
it's certainly the best film of the year, it deals with so many things in such a simple way, it talks about empowerment, feminism, abuse, the emancipation of the protagonist among others. apart from the other characters that stand out too, and much, please watch it, it's incredible, it couldn't be better.
Some funny bits but no story plot.
The film had many cliches. The fight scenes relied heavily on "slow mo" falls. For the first 1 hour and a half, not much happens... the characters just kind of meander around. That part was very boring. Harley was much better in Suicide Squad. In this film she was annoying. There was a few times I felt like walking out of the film but stayed to the end. It did get a little better but not much.
8th DCEU entry and 7th success of the franchise alongside MOS,BVS,SS,WW,AM and Shazam. Continues after SS in which Harley leaves the Joker (Leto) to branch out on her own in Gotham City. The movie is a Solo movie for Harley Quinn, a group origin of the formation of the Birds Of Prey with Huntress and Canary on top of a villain origin for Black Mask and Victor Zasz. R-rated classification for the characters that need it for them to be there true selves.

Those expecting this to be an MCU copy like Josstice League will be in for a shock, it has F-Bombs, blood splatters, ultra violence, entertaining and not for kids. Sets up Gotham City Sirens perfectly and continues the expanding world of the DCEU.
It's an extremely fun movie and everything you expect out of a Harley Quinn film.
It was quite fun and not as bad as suicide squad, i guess.
Fun and exciting! Perfect for a girls night. Amazing fight sequences and I can't wait to see what they'll do with the new characters. Especially Cassandra Cain!
This is not the Birds of Prey, this is Harley Quinn’s Solo film. But besides that fact, it’s a damn fun movie! So much color, craziness, and humorous moments. Not to mention the amazing fights and brutality that come with them. It’s a really solid film and when the Birds of Prey are on the screen it’s pretty kickass! I’d recommend watching!!
After hearing so much negativity on youtube about this movie I went to see it with very low expectations. I am fan of Margot Robbie and really liked their love story with Joker in Suicide Squad. And, .... what a surprise. The movie turned out to be a great fun, very well directed and choreographed with great acting (Margot is simply amazing). I especially liked the whole comicness of the scenes and action too. Great movie really, going to watch it at least 3 more times. And this review from a fantabulous misogynist.
Margot Robbie stepped up her game as HQ in this movie and I was thrilled to see her bring her rendition to the big screen once again.  Overall, I enjoyed the movie, but it did have a couple spots where it could have progressed a little more smoothly.  I did, however, like and appreciate the comic book like transitions the movie had in it.  A couple of the actors were a little stiff, but I’m sure that I’m going to watch this movie more than once as it had some really great action scenes and I love Margot Robbie’s Harley Quinn.  Also worth highlighting is Black Canary who was a great character and very well represented both vocally and action scene wise.
Honestly is just fun and easy to watch! The fight scenes are sensacional and the movie can be funny, emotional and exciting. Is literally anything you could expect from a good movie
fantastic. Margot Robbie and the entire cast! super entertaining.
it wasn't as good as Batman or as evil as the joker
Harley veio pra tomar a coroa que ja era dela
It is like watching a Joel Schumacher Batman movie. Really excited about the concept, but becomes more annoying the longer you watch it, reviews are way off on this flick.
better than I expected, definitely benefited from being rated r and a step in the right direction for DC.
Un asco enpoderadamente inecesario
I went in thinking it wouldn’t be good but was i wrong! Ewan McGregor was amazing!
DC are on track.👌🏼
One of the best movie ever
DC finally making a comeback!
Gutted.  I so so so so wanted this film to be incredible but I left the cinema unsatisfied.  The cinematography, skittles colour palette and acting are all great, but it just felt too patchy in plot. It left me uninvested in the story.   Some of the action scenes were ok, but they needed to be bigger.  A darker edge wouldn't have hurt either. An incident in a nightclub with a punter made to get onto a table was the only moment I felt a dramatic moment. There is some dark comedy - such as the unfortunate consequences of having a snotty nose - but it was rare.   The pet hyena definitely didn't get as much action as it should.  I wanted to know and feel way more about the other Birds of Prey characters Huntress, Black Canary (both bigger in the comic world than HQ, especially Canary), Renee and Cassandra.  Even the Ewan McGregor villain, despite a few good lines, isn't given any real backstory. Harley was exemplary in Suicide Squad. And maybe that's the issue. As much as the film was derided, Harley was the stand out in an ensemble piece that gave a good chunk of time to many of the individual characters. This is a Harley film with other characters as merely bystanders.  Harley just isn't enough to carry this film on her own. She needs to emancipate the screen time of her friends and foes. Then this could be a party worth going to.
It’s “Fantabulous” w/ Stella performances and so love-able!!! I’m giving it an A!
Amazing! I thought it was really fun.
A Camp, Reservoir Dogs with female leads.
A fun movie. Not sure the grouping of the Birds of Prey is an accurate title. But who cares. It’s ultimately a love letter to a sandwich. Who can not relate to that!
Quirky little DC movie... HQ can definitely kick ass! #GirlPower 💖💪
This had the potential to be a really good movie and it was like they throttled the energy level.  Dull cinematography,  lifeless score, and the story took forever to finally get to where it was interesting.   Could of been a hell of a movie and it ended up just being a B movie with big name stars.
I love the movie was so amazing
Rating: B-

"In the end, Birds of Prey (and the ridiculously long subtitle) continues DCEU's streak of (at least) good movies since Wonder Woman came out. With a phenomenal cast led by an outstanding Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn, Cathy Yan delivers some of the best action of the entire universe in a genuinely entertaining superhero flick. A colorful, chaotic, and fun vibe is present throughout the whole runtime, as well as a pretty neat score. However, Christina Hodson's screenplay lacks creativity. The main plot revolves around the most overused MacGuffin ever, and some characters are straight-up taken from the book of cliches. It's a generic comic-book film with a formulaic narrative, but one that possesses enough fun and entertainment to overlook the typical story."
I was prepared for this film to annoy me as much as Suicide Squad. Thankfully, it was nothing like that. I adored this film. Margot Robbie is flawless in her portrayel, the comic delivery is second to none, the cinematography is spot on. I didn't feel it was too chaotic as I see others have said. I also don't think it's a chick flick, a dude should be able to enjoy this equally as well
Lots of fun! I didn’t know almost if the characters before the movie, but I can’t wait to see more of them I’m the future.
Was just like I predicted, a very normal movie.
The action scenes was OK and I'm still waiting for that blast that I never felt when I was watching the movie.
I was searching for craziness but in the end, nothing impressed me.
I give it 1 star just for Margot actuation.
Tank Girl for the modern era. Honestly, that bad. Cheesy and obnoxious is a bad way to present two hours.
wishes there was an appearance by the Joker 😔
The action scenes were great but the story was all over the place. Personally, I would not have brought up the Joker so much in the movie. They should have distanced themselves from Jared Leto's Joker. I couldn't get that performance out of my head. Not a bad movie but not great
It was an incredible action packed all girl kickass movie with a funny sense of humor from start to finish and it definitely deserves a story for each bird and as well as Harley.
It started off pretty good but ended up being extremely cheesy with pretty awful acting from everyone who wasn't Margot Robbie or Ewan McGregor. Not only that, but the story itself was truly weak. It tried to be a bad ass girl power movie, but ended up being Harley Quinn in a movie with a mediocre cast, bad direction, bad story, etc. It's a shame that Black Mask was completely wasted in the movie too. Ewan was great, but the character wasn't really good. Lastly, the action scenes, particularly the end fight scene, were absolutely awful. They were poorly choreographed, and at times, Fast and the Furious level ridiculous. Overall, it's pretty forgettable outside of a few scenes.
This was one of our favourite DC films! DC needs more comedies like this!
This is without a doubt One of the Amazing, Action-Packed DC Superhero Film of 2020.
best dceu movie so far
4.5/10 
While the movie is certainly better than its predecessors Suicide Squad and Justice League, I can't really say it is a movie that upholds the progress that DC has been making so far. In short, the overall action is solid, some great acting coming out of the cast, with some critical comedic hits and the plot structure being modified after they took out the stupid d!ck pics from the original draft. Unfortunately, it lacks in character development, lack of depth to the movie, and a poor handling on the DC property as a whole. 

Its unfortunate that this film doesn't suffice to carry on the DC torch, and will likely get steamed rolled by WW84 and Black Widow coming out this summer.
Hands down better than Deadpool 
Loved it! Great fight scenes. Lots of humor. 100x better than Suicide Squad
A fun, girl power movie- DC trying something different and not always scuceeding. Harley, Canary and Huntress are great, could easily cut out Montoya and Cain. Black Mask is campy fun,Ewan is great to watch. Well done DC.
A movie about a constipated teenager and her friends.
🃏🃏🃏🃏🃏🃏🃏🃏🃏🃏🃏🃏♦️♣️♥️♦️♠️♦️
I knew I'd have a good time because i love the DC world and characters... but i did NOT anticipate how GOOD this movie would actually be! I was completely immersed from start to finish.  Strongly recommend!
Ots. Was. Dc version of deadpool lots of blood jokes moments it was great gonna see it again
The movie was really fun to watch. Perfect representation of Harley Quinn. Makes me excited for Suicide Squad 2.
Disappointed.  I did not care for it at all.
Even though i wish there had been more of Black Canary i LOVED it!
If you where looking for another SUICIDE SQUAD.  This isn’t it. THANK GOD!  It was differently a chick flick. If you daughter love Roller Derby and field hockey. She will love it! Not a Dude movie.
MARAVILHOSO !
PURA AÇÃO, COMEDIA E VIOLENCIA !
As a fan of the Jimmy Palmiotti and Amanda Connors Harley Quinn comics, I was very pleasantly surprised by the movie. Not everything worked, not all the jokes and action scenes work but the movie has a very infectious energy and storytelling mechanisms that reminded me of the early 1990s Guy Ritchie films set in the DC universe told from Harleys perspective. It's very much Deadpool 2 mixed with Snatch and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, I really dug it despite a few flaws here and there. The biggest issue for me is how the Birds of Prey (Huntress and Black Canary) are handled but the movie is basically just a quick introduction of these characters to set them up for future sequels and spin-offs. I was also a bit underwhelmed by the third acts climatic conclusion but I really ended up enjoying the movie and leaving Birds of Prey and The Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn very satisfied.
Warner Bros. should leave the DC Movies up to the Woman to direct! Great flick with tonnes of action, colour, pace and humour😀 
I love it  it is a amazing movie i love harley quinn FAN #1 here i even dress up for it.
this was the most entertaining CBM i seen in a while. story keeps you engaged. acting is great from most main cast. Action choreography surprised the heck outta me, prolly the best out of all CBMs i seen. definitely gonna recommend this!
Comic, Comical and I enjoyed the editing of the story's narration. This is not only a Harley Quinn Movie. I Loved it
Lot's of great action, some good laughs.  Definitely not an Oscar contender and if you are serious about traditional canon, some major changes to characters may be a turn off.  Basically just a a fun time killer.
Definitely one of the better DC movies, not as great as Shazam, but miles and miles better than Suicide Squad. You'll leave wanting a breakfast sandwich
Ladies will like the girl power aspect, but it was awful. The plot was terrible. It was borderline corny. The standard Marvel has set appears to be unattainable by the DC Universe. Bring back Christopher Nolan.
Delivered on fun and hilarious moments!
black canary,  Roman,  and zaz are great
great movie! Robbie, Perez and especially Smollett-Bell gave great performances. fun, lots of action.
It was good ! The movie was action packed and it was a fresh take for the DC universe. Ewan McGregor played a sinister and twisted villian as Blask Mask. Action sequences in the film were incredible !!!!
Muito bom, um filme divertido!
Not good. I was bored
My caveat: you have to be into ultra-violence to like it. It is like a parable on life after breakups where every moment afterwards could be a minefield. 

In this case, the minefield is a psycho-super-villain and all of the criminals who want revenge on Harley. In the end, Harley and the gals (who all have issues) survive this painful period.

Some interesting characters to see again in a DC movie?
I loved Suicide Squad and Margo Robb/ Harley Quinn was my favourite character. I used to love the Birds of Prey comics. So, I was looking forward to this film BIG TIME! The film though was boring, incredible but true, I didn't think it was possible to make these fantastic characters into a boring film, but they did manage it!!! There were a couple of good scenes and some laughs, the actions scenes were good but there simply wasn't enough of them,  overall though I left the theatre disappointed.
absolutely loved it. Margot was awsome. funny and she was Harley's Quinn. filmography was on point. wish people knew more about the question tho. and wanted to see more of black canary.
Save money wait till DVD... or Netflix probably even better
Overall it was a fine film. Still could easily spot the amateur writing and low budget. Give Robbie more money to make better films. I would love to see her opposite Gal Gadot's Wonder Woman.
Awesome action scenes, characters I care about, and Harley is absolutely batty. Wins all around.
Boring, Cliche, and messy.
At its core, Birds of Prey is a movie about the best breakfast sandwich a girl can get in Gotham City. Margot Robbie gives a spectacular performance in her return to Harley Quinn and, as a comic book fan, she is everything I could have wished for in this infamous role. 

Director Cathy Yan managed to make the film's nonlinear timeline flow naturally with Harley's creative narration, entertaining stop-frames, and the overall quirky pacing. There were moments where the story lagged, but even in those slower moments, the movie proved to be entertaining.

Birds of Prey was a colourful carnival ride of carnage. It had fantastical costumes, a rendition of "Diamonds are a Girl's Best Friend" featuring Ewan McGreggor (um, yes please!), an abandoned amusement park battle set to Heart's "Barracuda", and plenty of ball bashing. 

Jurnee Smollett-Bell was stunning as the beloved Dinah Lance and I look forward to the day that we meet this Black Canary's Oliver Queen. Mary Elizabeth Winstead's Huntress was a fantastic take on the character. I adored her awkward approach to Helena, in particular the scene where she rehearsed what she planned to say in front of her bathroom mirror. All across the board the characters felt relatable, even in their extremes. 

How can we not love a movie filled with badass women that was written, direct, and produced by women? This is one girl gang that I'd love to join. There was so much about this film that I loved. It was fun, quirky, and unique. It left me hopeful for the future of these characters in the DCEU. 

P.S. When you go to the polls this year, don't forget that Harley Quinn voted for Bernie.
This movie is pure joy.
Entertaining from beginning to end.
really enjoyed the movie worth seeing
Nonstop gratuitous violence and foul language got so boring it put me to sleep. I guess there was supposed to be a plot, but it was hard to follow. Just because a film has female action heroes doesn't mean it deserves a positive review. Should have had a tomato rating under 20.
It was a very great entertaining movie. I loved the storytelling style and effects. Makes me excited to see the upcoming DC universe movies
Better than I thought it’ll be. Pretty entertaining all the way through.
Fui con pocas expectativas y pasé un gran momento! Una película muy divertida, con buen ritmo y muy buen soundtrack!
This movie is just so much fun! Loved seeing these kick-ass women in their funky costumes, quirky make-up, and over-the-top sets! Full of action which is sometimes pretty cringing. But all with a sense of humor and tongue in cheek! Great soundtrack, too. It is not a heavy, deep and real movie. It is just fun and funny and entertaining!
Pretty bad story wise and character wise.  Don't blame the actors performances but writing for film is just plain awfull.  Based on audience reactions women can get enjoyment from jokes and gags.  Those who enjoy the comic book characters outside this movie will find their portrayal here terrible.
Overall pretty good. 7.7/10. Margot Robbie nails it's as Harley Quinn. Some scenes were meh but didn't hurt the movie too much
Amazing visuals, phenomenal choreography, fun soundtrack and great ensemble cast. Margo Robbie IS Harley Quinn.
It really made me laugh. It's one of the best DC movies and it's loaded with action that exploits your brain.
I also think that the female characters are intense incredible and I would like to see more of them in the future I think it is a movie with a colorful heart and full of action.
Lol...A new low for film.
So Birds of Prey was pretty awesome. Just a really fun ride. Margot Robbie killed it as Harley Quinn once again (though you can tell they want you to forget Jared Leto's Joker was ever a thing). Black Canary was the boss she was meant to he and got her moment, and I can't wait to see her get better at her powers. The crossbow kill- I mean, Huntress is both a badass and funny. I loved watching Ewan McGregor have so much fun as Black Mask. I don't remember Renee Montoya, but apparently, she's from Batman: TAS, and Rosie Perez did great with her character here. I think Ella Jay Basco (the little Asian girl, Cassandra) is gonna have a great career as a child actress and yes, if the name sounds familiar, she's Dante Basco's goddaughter. Also, I like how Ali Wong keeps showing up in everything I watch now.
Today went see BIRDS OF PREY starting Margot Robbie This was surprisingly great. It's definitely one of the most fun and thoroughly entertaining DCEU movies I've seen.

Margot Robbie real steals the show as Harley Quinn, in a film that is beautifully centered around her emancipation from The Joker. For those that were complaining she was too subservient to The Joker in SUCIDE SQUAD, this film honors that with Harley having more of her own agency this time around. Robbie does a really splendid job at making Harley feel like a real person. There were a couple moments where I empathized with Harley in a genuinely heartbreaking and emotional way.

The other characters are all well defined and acted, but for me Ewan McGregor was a real highlight as Roman Sionis. As Black Mask, McGregor is always funny, charming, unpredictable, and danger feelings on the film in a nutshell. I've read other people describe this film as "JOHN WICK meets LOONEY TUNES" and I think that's a very apt description. It's an inherently silly movie, with a lot of heart and an overabundance of style to compensate. The style is very deliberate, never feeling corny or hackneyed.

With some stellar fight choreography and inventive action sequences, BIRDS OF PREY succeeds where SUICIDE SQUAD failed. It leaves room for the characters to grow, and the ending smartly sets up a franchise of its own. It's a damn good time at the movies. I enjoyed so much one favorite entertainment comic book movie all time it was amazing this movie .

Give this movie five bowls of gaumoles this was awesome movie this movie reviews BIRDS OF PREY starting Margot Robbie
I love Margot Robbie and my husband loves action but this was messy, and ploddy in bits which is odd as it was fast moving.  Neither of us could get into it.
All around amazing looking movie. Great cinematography and an amazing color pallet. For a film that is mostly plot driven and not character driven it lacks, because this film has a basic plot. If you are going to have a plot driven film, you need a good plot. Overall though it is a solid film once you get past the basic plot and Margot Robbie is a standout! Very Rewatchable.
My spoiler-free review of #BirdsOfPrey: The most artistic, bloody, colorful DC movie yet. Thanks to a bold vision from director Cathy Yan and a grand ensemble with Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn along with Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Rosie Perez, and Ella Jay Basco, Birds of Prey is a action-packed bloody fun time. The best part of the movie is the opening scene that Warner Bros. Animation contributed to. And, the movie deserved it’s R-rating, box office be damned (Better not screw with James Gunn if he wants The Suicide Squad R-rated over the financial fate of this movie, Warner Bros). Now, I can understand why people may not like Roman Sionis/Black Mask, given the sort of horrific things he does to Gotham City’s innocents in this movie, but, I do think it’s a way to sort of distinguish him from the Joker as Mr. J wanted to watch the world burn, whereas Roman had a purpose for doing what he did: power. And, I think Ewan McGregor (Obi-Wan Kenobi himself) gave a spectacular performance of an inhumane villain that reflects who we deal with today. I think it’s really worth seeing in IMAX and you should check it out. My final rating: 5 stars out 5. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ 
Entertaining in the moment but no attachment to the story afterward. Meh.
Probably the best movie I've seen so far this year. yeah, yeah, yeah..... I don't much care for all the low blow, straight to pain kicks to the guys. I felt the pain. Good flick.
'Birds of Prey' proves director Cathy Yan to be more than capable of handling the task of a high-budget blockbuster, showing not only a great sense of style but also knowing the not-to-be-overstepped limits of production values. Margot Robbie shines whenever she goes full Harley Quinn. If only the studio had trusted this project a little bit more to step up their game, because the production team had clearly known how to handle it.
The movie was great, never a dull moment.
Way more violent and fun than I thought. This is what I wanted Suicide Squad to be.
OMG BEST DC MOVIE EVER! Don't listen to the 1 stars. Go see it for yourself.
Just your average action flick, noble attempt at backstory but it was just a casual pass at it. Some of the fight sequence were inspired action, others just your typical stuff.  Not a critical movie to see in the theaters. For some reason Robbie's acting was uneven or maybe it was the makeup? somehow first half she was more "insane" than the second half where she was just a normal person in make-up.
DC continues their hot streak with this one!  Margot Robbie and Ewan McGregor give solid performances in this entry into the DCU.
Margot Robby was amazing as Harley Quinn!! No surprise since she stole the show in Suicide Squad. Birds of Prey has a top notch cast. The colors and stunts rocked. Jurnee Smollett-Bell made a great Canary. Overall definitely worth a trip to the theater.
I was waiting for "Birds Of Prey", even if I dreaded the cold shower at the "Suicide Squad", and it exploded my expectations ! It's fun, it's crossed out and entertaining. Margot Robbie explodes the screen. I ask no more. The film never takes itself seriously or more intelligently than it is. Conclusion : so "Birds Of Prey" is not just good, it's fucking great. One of my favorite DC movies ever. I want to watch it again and again. The film is incredible and don't let salty men who only care about the sexualization of female comic characters tell you otherwise.
Excellent Entertsining from start to finish
Would have love to see more joker
one of the dumbest movies I have seen in awhile and full of foul language!
The film wasn't a cinematic masterpiece but it was tonnes of fun and super self-aware, with a heartwarming ending.
‘Birds of Prey and the Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn’ is the eighth film in the DC Film Universe and it’s the better ‘Suicide Squad’ (2016) movie possible in R-Rated form. A twisted tale told by Harley Quinn herself, when Gotham's most nefariously narcissistic villain, Roman Sionis, and his zealous right-hand, Zsasz, put a target on a young girl named Cass, the city is turned upside down looking for her. Harley, Huntress, Black Canary and Renee Montoya's paths collide, and the unlikely foursome have no choice but to team up to take Roman down. We see Margot Robbie reprise her iconic role as Harley Quinn in this movie, and she’s easily the best part in ‘Suicide Squad’. Robbie is excellent as ever as the character. I was already on board in the film’s opening sequence, it made me want to keep watching the ‘Harley Quinn’ show on DC Universe streaming service. This movie did not feel like a ‘Birds of Prey’ movie; it’s more of a Harley Quinn movie until we get into the third act of the movie. The film’s action sequences are excellent, particularly the third act and Harley breaking into the police station with a shotgun with dummy rounds blended with colorful smoke. This movie is beautiful to look at; the color palette and cinematography are very expressive on all the characters in this movie. Ewan McGregor is really over-the-top as Roman Sionis/Black Mask, but I don’t have a problem with it in the film. He’s really excellent along with Margot Robbie. There’s really a lot to go through in this movie. Harley also narrates through this movie to have us know these characters. If the we’re introduced to a character who will be part of the Birds of Prey and does something important, Harley will tell us we’re going to have to back in time to their backstory and terms of events that occurred in important. It’s pretty clever, but at the same time, it gets pretty confusing at times. The characterization in this movie really isn’t strong enough for me to care for these characters, in my opinion. Honestly, the only cared about in this movie is actually Harley Quinn. Like I said before, the action sequences are really impressive. All of the action are in wide-shots and we can really tell what’s going on. Cathy Yan’s directing is also really good. This movie’s got style as well. The film’s got ‘Pulp Fiction’, ‘Kill Bill’, ‘Death Proof’, and ‘Ocean’s Eleven’ vibes. The film’s really fun to watch. There’s a big fight in the third act where the Birds of Prey are fighting Black Masks’ goons and they’re in 360 shots, really cool to watch. The music choices in this movie are really much better than the music choices that were used in ‘Suicide Squad’. There’s no song that was used for 5 seconds and then we shuffle to another song in this movie. That’s how the music in Suicide Squad was used. This film can be one of those movies where you need to rewatch due to its non-linear narrative. Despite what I said about not caring about the characters that much, I actually hope we get to see these characters again in future films of the DC Film Universe. I can’t wait to see Margot Robbie back as Harley Quinn in ‘The Suicide Squad’ in 2021 with writer/director James Gunn helming it. This movie is just fine, I had few chuckles throughout the humor. It’s really fun to watch. Of course, it’s better than ‘Suicide Squad’. My problems of the movie are just how the development on these characters are lacking for me to care about them and story we’ve heard thousands of times before. Again, it’s beautiful to look at due to the color palette and cinematography, the performances of Margot Robbie and Ewan McGregor, the visual style, and its inspiration to other classics. 6.8/10.
It didn't have the punch of Sin City nor the charm of Harley Quinn in Suicide Squad.  It is nothing close to Kill Bill as some have suggested. 

I thought about walking out because the acting was disappointing but ultimately stayed because the action was ok.
Great movie, could have used more time with the, as a team.
Script and a Director that obviously doesnt understand CB characters. If they want to reinvent their personality then just make a different move with different characters. Black mask was terrible
Very fun, lots of good looking action and amazing main character, love the soundtrack. Amazing!
It was not as bad as trailers had me believe.  It is NOT on par with Deadpool, but was entertaining.  Nothing I'd opt to pay for a movie ticket for though.  I'd wait to rent it.  It will pass the time if you are bored.
Again DC proves that they need writers that know the characters and respect their identity.
Cassandra Cain is one of the best hand to hand figthers in the DC univers, while in the DCEU is limited to a low life pitpocketer and comic relief
Same happens with the character of Renne Montoya, one of GCPD finnest, transformed in a middle life crisis alcoholic cop
Was all this necessary in order to ensure that Margot Robbie's Harly was the badass of the group? Or was it just a lazy writers stuff?

DC keeps proving that Marvel/Disney knows how to treat their characters, being faithfull to the original material while keeping things fresh, instead of doing the DC formula of take the name of a character and fuck the rest (like the murderous Batman in BvS)

I'm not mad, I'm just dissapointed
Margot Robbie and Ewan Mcgregor steal the show in this fun, and violent, beautiful movie focused on a wonderful character.
Awful. Bad acting. Boring. Only thing good is Ewan McGregor.
IMO best DCEU movie so far. Action packed and hilarious. Could not have asked for more. 
Personally it was not good at all. Ewan McGregors brilliant performance as Black Mask couldn't save the movie. It seemed to hash between the different characters and jump back and forth between different times which didn't keep the movie running fluidly at all.
Funny, fast-moving and very violent.   Lots of fun
A lot of criticism for this film stems solely from the fact, that it’s an all female ensemble in what has been predominantly male for a long time. This movie is absolutely fantastic with its wicked cast, diversity, brilliant fighting choreography, and non-linear storytelling. It is really a brilliant film with stand-outs from Margot Robbie to Ewan Mcgregor to Jurnee Smollett. A standout female bad-ass action film that we’ve been waiting for, for a very long time!!
Still far short of Marvel Studio caliber, but I'd watch Margot Robie read the yellow pages. If you liked Suicide Squad, you'll like this. Violent and profane so leave the kids at home. No after credit scene so you can leave immediately.😉
Love that movie. 🙌🏽
Total butchering of the characters. I thought the story was weak. Needs to be retitled The Harley Quinn movie with some ladies.
A lot of over the top fun. The entire cast is great, but Margot Robbie is stellar.
Love Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn, Jurnee as Black Canary and the whole cast! Grew up with DC comics and shows so was not disappointed, and got to see my favorite character/superheroes/villains come to life. The action, comedy and plot were great and had me laughing! Can't wait to see it again!
So much fun, badasses kicking butt and taking names.
A little scatter brained but overall great story.
Hands down such an amazing film action packed the characters are all amazing great villain! DC you nailed it with Harley Quinn absolutely loved this movie Margot Robbie was born to play Harley Quinn
A great comic-book action film let down by underwhelming villains and a plot that plays it too safe.  The set pieces are fantastically staged and Quinn brings plenty of craziness, glamour, humour and her unique perspective to the proceedings.  Add this to the outlandish style, catchy music and well put together action scenes and it makes it an enjoyable and entertaining film to watch.  However, the story itself is rather pedestrian and has a bitty start and a long explanation phase.  The villains aren't really done justice and although the acting is good, the supporting cast don't really shine – maybe Robbie just steals the show too much.
Not worth time or money. It was stupid!
It was fine. A good way to pass the time, but I’ve seen better movies. I wasn’t laughing out loud at the jokes, but I didn’t want to leave the theater because it was so bad. So it was just ok.
A total disaster that will give missed concepts about independency or "emancipation" to young people that did not have a solid idea about them
Terrible film. A total mess
Such a good time, saw it in IMAX and the action was amazing. Definitely just a good time at the movies.
I would classify this as an entertaining popcorn flick. Robbie and Mcgregor shined through with their performances, the action sequences were very good, very John Wick inspired, and the movie was full of color and visually pleasing! It definitely lacks character development, but overall, I definitely recommend!
The movie is fun and far better than Suicide Squad (2016)
The R rating unleashes this film to its full potential. 
Margot Robbie stole the show as Harley Quinn.
Mediocre to bad movie. The movie pits men against women, additionally the plot was unintelligent (a girl eats a diamond she just pickpocketed), very ugly costumes and outfits, and some choppy editing in the 3rd act action sequence.
Very entertaining movie 🎥, Harley Quinn is a bad ass
Es excelente y divertida
Finally we are getting to see some bad ass women taking the screen! Loved it very refreshing to see the rest of the population of Gotham. It also shows just how much Harley has impacted the city of Gotham. I have been excited for this movie to come out, I think the characters were brought through really well. I was very pleased to see it was mainly about Harley, nothing to do with the batman and only a couple of mentions of Mr J. Loved this so much I plan on seeing it again!
Wolfenstein: Youngblood - The movie.
Unapologetically chaotic and a blast from start to finish! The cast and characters were fantastic, the action was well choreographed, and the story was a ton of fun!
This movie was great!! The performances, action, and humor were all top notch. Sure the story wasn't amazing but it didn't really need to be. One of the most fun theater experiences I've had in awhile.
Good and Funny movie
I loved it.... never a dull moment but also a full back story explained 
Fun with great fight choreography.
What a great action packed movie!!!  Margot Robbie is dam good for the role Harley Quinn..The cast was amazing.. I wanna see them more..
Hollywood has gone way downhill lately.
that it didn't take itself to seriously.
I absolutely loved it. Harley Quinn deserved an R rated movie for sure. Great cast and great new characters as well. Nothing to dislike here. I recommend it highly.
It was great girl power
I really wanted to love it, but it felt like it was missing something. Margot Robbie was once again great as Harley and the fight scenes were really good and colourful to watch. However, the actual birds of prey felt like a backseat to a Harley, leading to the movie focusing too much on her adventures than the rest of the cast. Though overall it was an enjoyable experience.
OMG. totally AMAZING. the film director really knows how to bring together the previous movie into this one with out Destroying the concept. If your thinking about seeing this movie please do so okkkkuuurrrr...
High Level Thoughts on @birdsofpreywb It's a fantastical, bone crushing movie. I Loved Black Mask and I frickin loved Zsasz. I'm ready for more, the Birds are awesome. Ready for more Harley in T.S.S 
8/10
Loved everything about it. Margot Robbie is the perfect Harley, very crazy and I love it.
Pretty entertaining. Funny!
For a movie with a great cast to end up with a weak plot and two funny lines in the whole movie its a shame and a waste of talent.
It was fun. The story was not the best. But a fun and unique movie. Acting was great. Actions were above average not the best. But a fun movie despite some flaws.
It's a good movie, there's no doubt about that. It has a good cinematography, excellent characters and actors. A simple plot that is not so difficult to understand.

 It's just that, a simple good movie.
An awesome, bombastic, fun action movie that made me laugh out loud. 10/10 will see again.
Such an intense, fun ride of a film. Harley is electric! Black Canary is wit and powerful. Huntress is awkwardly brilliant. Can't wait for more!
DC finally gets it right with this one - so fun!
Good story & enjoyable performances
Really loved the action sequences and the nonlinear storytelling. Harley is the headliner, but very much an ensemble film that works. Bravo.
A fun time at the movies. Your mileage may vary, depending on your interest in the main character. There are some great bits and set pieces, the action is exciting, but the script is lacking. The dialogue should have been funnier. The funniest bits come at the end of the film when the team actually comes together and can play off one another.
BIRDS OF PREY is a wacky, funny, cartoony, violent blood bath of a movie📽harley Quinn is pure 🔥, a good cast of misfits, story and a kick ass baddie. If you liked SUICIDE SQUAD (but just wanted a tighter or less complex story ), deadpool, batman returns and john wick, you will like this movie. 

Go see this movie 🎬
It receives THE TOY TIME MACHINE's top rating 5 eggplants 
🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆
A fun and enjoynable film, the action scenes are very good and Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn is the best aspect of the film but the story is really basic and the scrip is flat, but is a film to past the time with popcorn.
It’s such a good movie you don’t realize you are in the movie for as long as you are
bording and garbage!
Sure has its flaws, but a fun experience nevertheless!
Just a big meh. Entertaining at times but otherwise not worth it.
Not amazing but entertaining 
One of the best DCEU movies
Loved it!  Margot Robbie is great and it kept me entertained every second!
No plot and unnecessary violence 
This movie was was way better than I thought it was going to be, and the trailers do not do this movie justice at all. Call it bad marketing, but this movie in regards to tone and entertainment was on par to that of a Deadpool film. And this movie proved that Female superheroes can be entertaining, it's just Marvel sucks at doing them. I think people are mistaking this film for a "I don't need a man because I'm a strong independent woman" Film rather than what it is, "a person trying to find an identity for themself."
8.5/10
This movie is great in many level
An absolute must see film
A little messy at first but comes together well, particularly as the team assembles. Margot Robbie is a blast, and Mary Elizabeth Winstead is a lot of fun as well. Action scenes are better than you would expect.
Absolutely no plot to this movie. Just Harley Quinn being quirky schtick, action scenes, more terrible comedy schtick, more action scenes. Took a good supporting character from a terrible movie and used it to politicize empowering women. 
Pleasantly surprised, story was good, great action scenes.../it was a harley comic brought to life. A lot better than most of the comic movie attempts as of late.
Not very satisfying...I was hoping for more story development. It reminds me of Batman & Robin (1997), except without the production values.
Birds of Prey does an excellent job in providing a narration from Harley's warped, colorful point of view and exceeds in a style similar to Suicide Squad where it failed (which might have done much better had WB not hacked it to pieces before its release).

The casting is very, very good, especially in Harley, Dinah Lance (Black Canary), and Roman Sionis (Black Mask).

Another hit from the new-ish leadership at WB and DC Films!
Fast paced, funny, witty and Margot Robbie is fantabulous as Miss Harleen Quinzel
The whole movie was absolutely amazing, the story isn't the BEST but everything else makes up for it
The story is too vapid for me to listen to their preachy "girl good, men bad" mantra. As a Margo fan, I'm surprised this level of cringe exists.
It was great! The action scenes were good! I am glad that DC is picking up.
Finally an ensemble superhero movie featuring women. Loved it, super fun. So happy it didn't feel like it was made strictly for the male gaze. Harley Quinn doesn't need the Joker, indeed.
Horrible movie, best part was harley quinn
Harley... The best of the movie. Good action scene and cast
Fun movie, great cast, Harley kill it, best of all no suicide squad joker seriously I hope they get a better joker soon
extermly viloent, over top, bonkers, and I love every minute. when DC that risks like this film they hit it out the park.
Movie was dope. Gotham was fun. Fight scenes awesome. Funny and touching
F A N T A B U L O U S
How is this movie rating in the 80s for both critics and audience???  WHY did I allow myself to fall victim to another DC movie disaster??
Even though this is February 7 - this will go down as the single worst movie of the year. Razzie for sure. An absolute MESS!!!
2 hours of my life. I will never get back. What a waste of time and money.
sexy, fun, and entertaining
The flashbacks were ill timed and took away from the movie. Harley wasn't half as crazy as she should of been. None of the actresses were right for their parts except Rene Montoya and Harley Quinn.
Absolutely awful. I don't know how DC can follow Joker with this hot mess. The story line was awful, acting awful and even the comedy parts weren't even funny. Snoozer got sure.
Possibly the most boring movie I've ever seen. McGregor what were you thinking!?!!
Way better than the trailers made it out to be.. would love to see a Birds of Prey sequel.
Nothing special, a forgettable movie. 
Enjoyed a lot, another great Margot Robbie Harley portrayal
It was an OK movie., Nothing really special.. The graphics are really cool though
I enjoyed the movie from the beginning all the way to the end.
Definitely a must see. Great action and no time to get bored.
This film was awesome the narrative was very unique and the way the fight scenes where edited was class! Every character got part of the spotlight and you left the cinema wanting to see more! I highly recommend this movie!
Definetly the worst movie I've seen this year !
Not bad at all. Action shots were nice. Story was fun. Cant wait to see how she gets back to the Squad. Ewan was great too. Totally leaned in to the insane mob boss role.
I absolutely LOVED this film! Margot Robbie (as Harley Quinn) was fantastic! The actresses who formed the Birds Of Prey were amazing as well! Cannot wait to rewatch and pre-order on Blu-Ray!
An awesome movie with well developed characters and lots of laughs. Fight scenes were amazingly choreographed and didn’t feel like they were dragging on, like most action movies. 
Such a good movie . Enjoyed all the different personalities and cast.
Totally flat and frankly boring storyline.
It was not as good as I expected. Maybe because I held great expectations. 
It was terrible kind of cringing moments. 
fun and sweet ( in a twisted sort of way!) hahaha
Wat a colourful action comedy film.. Best from DC
I really enjoyed this movie. The fight scenes were impressive. The route dc is taking with these individual movies are fun. Did you stick around for the fun tease?
AMAZING CINEMA ART MY LIFE IS COMPLETE
Birds of prey 
After watching the birds of prey, this is what Captain America civil war should have been if Deadpool took over the narrative and pieced together his version of the avengers face off. Still, this is technically Harley Quinn’s showcasing her perspective of the team formation of the birds of prey. And somehow, dc universe superheroines still has something that the MCU stereotypical Barbie dolls don’t have: personality. As suspected, it still focuses on Harley Quinn as the main narrator while maintaining balance between black canary, huntress, Cassandra Cain (a batgirl, not the batgirl) and Rene Montoya. I am glad that Cathy Yan made sure to focus on crafting a film in directing birds of prey. And it has wonderful nods to comic book lore. Plus, Dante Basco cameos in the film that I wouldn’t dare reveal where he pops up. You’ll have to find the cameo out yourself. And it’s gravatus. Margot Robbie’s performance as Harley Quinn is right up there with Joaquin Phoenix’s joker movie with just a hint of Deadpool. Jurnee smollett-bell is fabulous as black canary. She’s not the boxing type girl, but it’s nice of them to adapt the kick-boxing version for the movie. Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Huntress is surprising. Yeah, we’ve seen the badass version of huntress so many times, but it’s nice to see a person trying to be badass. Ewan McGregor as Black Mask is both exhilarating and terrifying. He can be cold and collected, but then out of nowhere he could be thrilling and exciting. This is definitely a film to take your valentine to, but viewer discretion is advised. It’s a brutal film to watch. Final grade: 9.5.
Mix suicide squad with Deadpool and this fun movie is the result.
Meh, more story then action, but good overall
Very fun movie. Action packed with some comedy. Only thing missing was the bat and clown but they really weren't needed. Great watch. Sad that suicide squad couldn't do the same
This makes up for the atrocity that was Suicide Squad. Not the best movie ever, but the best DC movie in a while.
Much better than I expected. Highly  entertaining.
This is one of the most exiting movies i've ever seen!
I literally have no idea what the hell I just watched.
It's a movie that breaks the ordinary structure of storytelling. The characters are well presented to the audience making it more easy for everyone to connect with them and Margot Robbie is a badass, if she wasn't such a great actress the movie would not be the same.
This movie gives promise of a classic DC team up but realistically is focused on its subtitle (Harley Quinn), although this is a small step up from Suicide Squad it follows it's footsteps in poor pacing and overuse of music. The characters adapted in this movie are poorly portrayed and sadly wasted/ruined for the greater DC universe, this said Robbie continues to shine and new comers Winstead & Smollett-Bell are well casted as their respect BoP members.
Re: Birds of Prey (and the Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn)

So, the minor issues first.  This is *not* a Birds of Prey movie.  This is wholly a Harley movie that is a vehicle both to show a new direction for the DCEU and to see if there's any interest in an actual Birds of Prey movie.  The three other women who make up the group have minimal roles in the movie, especially Huntress.

In a slightly different vein, this is also a very-R rated movie.  Violence, especially broken bones, are on heavy display and there's also a particularly triggering scene involving a woman being victimized.  This is less adult than Deadpool, but since the vast majority of the violence is directed at women (and a child), you've been warned.

With that said, this is the Suicide Squad movie we should have gotten in feeling.  It's funny, the action is fantastic, Margot Robbie carries the movie like a champ - it feels like a comic book.  Not a particularly memorable arc, mind you.  But a fun book nonetheless.  While he's mentioned constantly, there's no Joker sightings (which is fine), but despite a few clever name drops, there's no Batman either (which feels weird when you consider this feels like a story that might have been better punctuated with an appearance at the end rather than the bomb of an ending).  

It was fun.  It isn't particularly memorable, but the audience where I saw it seemed to be having a great time and laughing a lot.  I enjoyed it.  Prolly not top 10 of the year material, but certainly more watchable than some of the other DC offerings in the last several years.  I'll take it.
Birds of Prey continues DC winning streak and cementing DC and WB as movie studios allowing directors to bring their own vision to the table and going all out. This movie could easily have been PG-13 minus a few violent fight scenes but the fact that the studio didn't bother to alter them to PG-13 is awesome. Now coming to the movie I liked for the most part and was conflicted when it comes to a few areas.
The movie can be called a sequel to Suicide Squad which focuses on Harley Quinn after she broke up with the Joker. Now why the movie is called Birds of Prey I don't know because Harley Quinn is definitely the front and centre and the other characters shows up from time to time and team up towards the end. The movie is told completely through Harley Quinn perspective and is narrated by her thus the sequences of event that happened in the movie are a little out of sequence showing the chaos in her mind, It shows very well the chaos in Harley Quinn's mind but I think kills the excitement and build-up of a few scenes. The comedy is very quirky and organic which I love in contrast to the one forced upon. The action scenes are very well done and are exciting except for the last action sequence, It didn't do much for me and I was feeling bored towards the end of the movie.
The cinematography was great and some sequence really popped, the soundtrack was great as well.
The actors here have done a phenomenal job especially Margot Robbie, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Ewan Mcgregor and Chris Messina.
Margot Robbie is the definitive Harley Quinn and each of her sequences lifted the movie. Ewan did a great job although I wished I had seen something more from the character than we got. Huntress was an interesting character but we didn't get much in this movie and Victor Zsasz was menacing.
In all I really liked the movie except maybe the last 20 minutes, I am excited to see Harley Quinn and Birds of Prey in future movies.
better than expected. Dark, like DC movies should be!!!
By no means is it perfect, but Birds of Prey is an action packed, fun, and most importantly, chaotic addition to the DCEU.
This was awesome! Don't believe the haters.
It was nothing we expected. Goofy acting
Liked it, had some problems with what they did to Black Mask at the end since I feel like he wasn't in the movie enough to feel like a real villain, but other than that an entertaining movie.
Lack of straight-up murdering - creative fighting. Bright, colorful, rich textures, funny. What a comic movie should be.
Thought it was fantastically entertaining with characters that you could really fall in love with. A must see for anyone wanting a good time!
There were some fun and funny parts, but the storyline wasn't the best overall.
The ultimate girl squad movie that both men and women will absolutely love. Margot's performance is nothing short of a pleasure to watch. Ewan brought a really unique take to Black Mask. Only thing worth noting is that this is more of a "Harley Quinn Movie" than it is a Birds of Prey movie. I wasn't mad about this though! Absolutely recommend it and I promise you will have a ton of fun watching it. Super pumped they got this right.
Super funny, somewhat relates to the print version! Awesome costumes, hair, and makeup. Great girls night movie! Loved it!
Much better than expected. 10x better than Suicide Squad. Also, Margot Robbie 🥰
The name "Birds of Prey" is a total hoax. This movie is nothing else but Margot's Harley Quinn. Even off screen you can't stop listening to her. The fights are cool, but the characters are poorly portrayed. 
Funny thing: Every single male character is a bad person and deserves a beat up (or die) XD
As many critics have said, the movie is indeed a bit of a slow starter, but when it picks up in the second act it's all fun from there and quite good. Good to great performances all around. Overall, I enjoyed it quite a bit.
Wow. It was even worse than I expected, and I had REALLY LOW expectations. Somebody please help me stop wasting my money on this trash.
I was very taken back by how likable and real Harley Quinn felt; a character I usually expect to be an obnoxious caricature. This is not the impression I got from the trailer at all. 
Seriously fun action flick! Canary steals the show.
Great movie! Amazing performances by the entire ensemble, very fun action sequences, well directed, good comedy, great villains. Story well told from Harley's rather bonkers POV. Superb soundtrack that is well used but doesn't dominate the movie as much as I thought it would. The movie has a few shocking moments imo, but is all in all just extremely fun. Harley's story gets - as expected - more screen time than the others', but it never feels too long and I wouldn't shorten any of it, even though I'd love to see more of the others as well. The ending leaves room for several potential follow-ups, but is still very much a complete movie of its own. Definitely going to watch it in theaters again!
Birds of Prey was an absolute fun movie to watch from start to finish. You're whizzed away into the fun right from the beginning, and while the intro's are a bit slow at the beginning, that does not take away from the movie. Think Deadpool type of introductions. The voice-over, comedy, action, gags, and villain all make this a fantastic movie to watch. This shows how dark Black Mask, and Zsasz are (talking from someone who hasn't read comics, or knows about these two villains.) Ewan Mcgregor does a fantastic job portraying and playing the villain Black Mask/Roman Sionis, as well as Chris Messina who was chosen to play Zsasz. I truly felt fear when some of the scenes came up. Rosie Perez, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, and Jurnee Smollett all nail their roles as Montoya, Huntress, and Black Canary amazingly. I felt Ella Basco as Cassandra Cain was a bit underwhelming and felt that they she needed more action screen time, but that's really my only nitpick with this movie! I do want to see it again without a doubt, it was that good! I want more Black Canary, that's how good this movie was!
this movie has no feet or head is boring, a horrible sound montage and a disastrous edition
The movie was fun and entertaining I enjoyed all the characters definitely better than suicide squad Margot steals the show as usualbut the other actresses were all quite amazing as well they all stood out on their own
Enjoyable, but not great
One of the best movies I ever seen in my life . The action is like John wick movie and it's also funny . It became my favorite dc film . I strongly recommend this , cathy yan surprised me . I loved black mask's incredible performance
ABSOLUTELY PHENOMENAL!! I'm a die hard H.Q. fan, so I was a little worried in the very beginning of the movie, it seemed to start off a little slow. However, it did not take long for it to pick up, the story was very well told, (even rewinding at some points, which was hilarious). All in all, I'd pay to see it 10 more times and will definitely purchase it when the movie comes digital!! 100 out of 10 stars!
I love seeing badass women!  I thought the movie was fun!!   In true Harley Quinn fashion - she crazy!  Liked seeing Huntress and Canary!
With vibrant set pieces, colorful personalities, lots of laughs, gratuitous  violence and badass action, Birds of Prey delivers in every way you'd hope it might.
There are things that worked and a lot that didnt, I felt like they dropped the ball in the middle of the film. 2nd worst dceu movie. Black mask was great.
Movie was exciting, colorful, fun and funny. Amazing costumes and breaks in the classic tropes and formulas.(e.g. Her love interest is a sandwich). The plot was a little flimsy at points and there were too many characters to fully develop everyone but overall a super fun watch
Easy best movie of 2020 yet
1st of all The performance! 👍🏼 2nd. The Action sequence and cinematography! 👍🏼 3rd. Music and the Score! 👍🏼 And lastly, the story, pretty simple, easy to follow. 👍🏼 The movie is fun to watch and I really enjoyed it.
I really enjoyed, great action sequences, the character development and the team.
Birds of Prey has great visuals, fight sequences, and kick ass characters that carried a mediocre plot and made this film almost great. While I have some issues with backstory of a few characters, it does not come off as a forced all woman team up, it has a genuine charm to it that leaves you fulfilled. DC adds another film to its string of recent hits. This movie is FUN!
It's really funny, the action scenes are incredible and the performances are phenomenal!!
Dumbest movie ever 🤦‍♂️
Very fun. a bit plot heavy for my taste but it has more balls than anything else DC has done. Breaks more balls too.
I was pleasantly surprised by this movie. If you like action, you get plenty of that. If you like Girl Power, you get that. Obi wan really killed it in this movie. I loved his character. Black Canary and Huntress were also great. Of course Margot Robbie was awesome in this movie. She is the perfect casting for Harley. I love the fight scenes in this movie because you can actually see what's happening. ... Yes you do get some brutal violence in this movie because of the R rating but not as brutal as Deadpool. Speaking of which, if you loved Deadpool you will love this too. Can't wait to see it again.
It was everything I wanted in a Harley Quinn (and the Birds of Prey) movie!!
Went into it expecting to be bombarded with political agendas... Ended up being a fun comic book film. If Gotham was in Pulp Fiction, this is the result. Very Tarantino-esque.
It was really slow at the beginning. And they spoke a little too fast that I had zero clue what they were saying sometimes. It wasn’t til towards the end I started enjoying it more. It wasn’t a movie I’d rewatch tho tbh. I got super excited to see this film too :/
This movie was action packed like a DC film should be and it was just plain fun with incredible acting. I’ve been a big Mcgregor fan for a while and you lost sight of it being him during the movie just by how well he did. But all the applause should go to the female cast who ruled the screen on this one and I forever proclaim that Margot Robbie will be the one and only Harley Quinn. I left one star off just because my only disappointment is that the movie will hold no continuity beyond itself and the mistakes of the past. Darn you marvel.. why did you have to groom me to expect a full universe from comic films.
This movie was everything I ever wanted it to be and MORE! Margot Robbie really shines in this one. She put so much hard work into this movie and you can really tell. Jurnee Smollett-Bell as Black Canary was AMAZING and Mary Elizabeth Winstead was fantastic as Huntress. I'm ready to see it again!
Harley Quinn is on Beast-mode in this one. Also, do not miss the post credits 😉
Girl Power with glitter.
Loved this movie.
Very entertaining moving.  Character interaction was great
Amazing performances all around this is what suicide squad shouldve been
Average at best. not Boring, not good.
Not a contender for the best movie of our time by any means, and maybe not even the best DC movie, but in all honesty, it was a chaotic carnival ride, and lived up to my expectations. I could stand to see it maybe one more time. Between the gal pals whooping some a**, and the sprinkle of Harley's education shining through, I can give it a 3.5. I could be closer to 4 if the movie was more clear on what it was trying to be, but all in all, it was fun.
I loved it! There was nonstop action and humor which seemed influenced by Amanda Connor and Jimmy Palmiotti's run of the Harley comics.
If you're looking for a bright, funny action film with some iconic comic characters, please watch. I went with someone who knows very little about the universe, but still enjoyed the movie. If we're comparing it to Joker, it's the exact opposite feel. It's really just a joyride. Don't go in looking for any deep messages. It's more upbeat, with a few serious scenes that really establish the threat. Warning, there is a scene with sexual harassment that was very jarring, and it's definitely a rated R film in regards to the swearing and violence. Personally, I left the theater wanting more, immediately planning to watch it again in a day or two and I convinced a few friends to come with me. The music is really outstanding. It's about as absolutely crazy as you'd expect from a story told from Harley Quinn's POV.

The acting is phenomenal, the action scenes are freaking fantastic, and I'm excitedly awaiting the next time I get to see Margot Robbie's Harley Quinn. She was made for the role!

After a stressful first month of the year, this movie was exactly what I needed to shrug off the bad, and get ready to fight whatever life throws at me. A must-see film, even if you don't typically watch superhero stuff!
Summary: SO MUCH FUN!
It was not Oscar winning great but it was absolutely comic book great. Margot Robbie portrayed the comic book Harley Quinn to the T, as you can imagine Harley Quinn to be in real life, she absolutely mastered it, her personality, voice, and insanity.
To claim it reminds me of the campy 1990s movies of Batman and Robin the movie is all over the place terrible fight scenes that you can see the guy standing there waiting to be hit story is very lame
Not a good movie for the story . It is chaotic with a lot of jumping around and basically just a film focused on chaos and watching badass women kick ass. Fitting for Harley Quinn.
This movie is incredible!
Not Awful, but certainly not good.  There were some fun parts, but there was no coherent tone or commitment to the story.  The BOP felts like they were tacked onto a Harley movie and only Huntress was able to shine through.
Just Awful. I want my time back.
After walking out of the theater, my husband turned to me and said "Wow I didn't think they could make a movie worse than suicide squad". That pretty much sums up my reaction to the film. Although it was colorful, passed the time, and not too bad to watch, it was kind of...boring. I keep asking myself the question 'how DC movie writers are so much worse than Marvel ones?'. Deadpool a much more violent film is somehow 10X funnier than this one. They seemed to want to make it Deadpool like with the swearing and some of the violence, but it just felt...off. Some of the characters were interesting, but the story telling was a complete mess. A character would be introduced then you'd go back in time to see who they were and why they were there. This happened 2-3 times and caused me to roll my eyes by the last one. This film also had a very "WOKE" feel, with almost all of the antagonists in the movie being men. I almost wanted to laugh out loud when the main villain explicitly said "MEN OF GOTHAM"! I guess no female mercenaries wanted a $500,000 reward, aight. All in all, it passes the time but just not the greatest movie.
The newest film from the DCEU arrives a little disjointed but has plenty of fun and action-packed sequences to keep its momentum going. Margot Robbie returns as the fan-favorite Harley Quinn joined by Rosie Perez, Jurnee Smollet-Bell, Ewan McGregor and Mary Elizabeth Winstead. A wild and violent adventure for characters who are all on their own mission until they eventually cross paths in the urban streets of Gotham City. The pacing tends to slow down a bit and the comedy can be very hit or miss but once the titular team finally connects, it's some of the best choreographed fighting in a long time. With strong perfomances from Robbie, Perez and McGregor and a female-heavy soundtrack, the DCEU continues with their streak of enjoyable films that are beautifully shot and choregraghed but could still use some work in the editing department.
this movie had the perfect balance of action and comedy, along with hint of heartfelt moments. overall a very good movie i would watch again.
Fun actiony movie. Some of the violence was too visceral and actually took me out of the movie. That plus some cringey scenes deducted from the rating
Awesome!! Its a fun movie.. great action and funny.. Harley is the bomb..
Fun. Hilarious. Visually pleasuring. A great bend of narrative, action, comedy and origin story. Definitely worth a watch on IMAX of Dolby.
Movie was absolutely fantastic. Wildly entertaining with so much from the comic roots. Can’t wait to see it again!
The cast is wonderful and empowering in their roles. Loved Margot and Ewan's showdown. The film is also very beautiful and eruptive making Gotham look like an LA/NYC hybrid teeming with villainy.
A little stupid and boring
It wasnt bad. I liked it.
Me gustó mucho gran película, muy buenas escenas de acción
The movie is wow
Quinn shows her sadness and depression, her acts show her that she wants to create self-actualization after those years live under Joker's shadow and being Joker's bitch.
She had enough of all of that shit.
The scenes show madness, I CANT DESCRIBE IT
Freaking fantabulous! Bruce
Beautifully made. The action was great. Acting was amazing. Just Margot as Harley is worth the movie ticket. Absolute must watch movie of 2020.
DC Fans Kerala Birds Of Prey spoiler free review! 

Birds of Prey is a win for DC and WB in every manner. A violent and hilarious ride that is pleasing to the eyes led by an energetic Margot Robbie, who receives ample aid from its supporting cast. The characters are quirky and insane as they come. It has all the makings to give you a wonderful and fun time at the movies, and keeps things fairly interesting and crisp with a fresh screenplay that plays to the strengths of its characters. Well executed action, a roaring soundtrack, and genuine work from behind the lens make Birds of Prey popcorn fun at its finest. It is probably what Charlie's Angels should have been, and makes you wish and wonder what Suicide Squad could have been.

These women mean business, and I'm all in if WB is planning a mini universe for them. Harley and the Birds are safe in these hands.

Cathy Yan, you have my respect and gratitude!❤️ 

#BirdsOfPrey #Piddhi
Movie was funny with good action but didn't blow my mind.
Girl power, totally awesome way to express women can  play both roles of heroine & villain in a fantabulous way...
Really funny! Great action sequences
Birds of prey se siente algo pocas veces visto, esta llena de color, carácter e intensidad, todos desempeñan sus personajes a la perfección (por sobre todo Margot) Ewan como Black Mask es increíble y se nota muchísimo su presencia, las coreografías están increíblemente realizadas. La película tiene demasiado carisma y personalidad.
This movie is amazing, my favorite dceu movie rn
The movie is great fun and entertaining throughout.
Great action and some excellent performances, the plot is a bit crazy since Harley is our narrator but it works!
My favorite dc movie! Love Harley Quinn. 
Margot Robbie is back as Harley Quinn in this film, which is a lot better than her first effort in Suicide Squad was... that film was almost unwatchable.. this one is a lot of fun.  Harley crosses paths with and eventually teams up with Huntress and Black Canary to save Cassandra Cain from Black Mask...  While as a comic book fan, I was not really happy with the portrayal of Cassandra, who does not resemble her comic book counterpart at all, either in looks or backstory, the film itself is entertaining.  Some really bonkers action sequences and some Deadpool style comedy help keep things afloat, just don't pay too much attention to the plot. It's rated R for violence and language, both of which are on display quite a bit.  I really went back and forth on my rating for this one, but am going to give it three stars, barely, cause I had fun with it.
A wild ride! Kinda Baz Luhrmann meets Deadpool, complete with the 'pick-it-up-in-the-middle-then-flash-back' schtick. Fun (if a bit cheesy) action sequences, and Margot Robbie is, as always, all-in as Harley Quinn. Ewan McGregor pretty much kills it as the maniacal bad guy. My main complaint is that there's a little too much of the kid and not enough of Huntress and Black Canary. All in all, though, a fun movie, and one of the better DC offerings.
I was surprised how much I loved this movie. I would go see it again in the theater. Really entertaining and well done from start to finish
Colorful, violent (even a tad too graphic with the villain), but a sold-female driven action film with tons of laughs and a paper thin stock storyline. It won't get any acclaim for screen writing, but its a good, fun time at the movies with villains begetting other villains.  P.S. Margot Robbie steals the show with another dedicated performance as HQ...seriously, I almost find it hard to believe she's acting...but she is. wows
I thought it was great and comical too. I hope a sequel is in the works.
Loved it nice twist of, dark laughter Hope this is a good sign for DC this year.
Divertido, colorido, com muita violência cartunesca, sem furos de roteiro!! Fantabuloso!!
Birds of Prey is an absolute blast! Highly recommend it 
One of the better DC movies in a long time imo. They did an awesome job with the production and scene designs. I loved the cinematography and fight scenes were well done. The soundtrack was energetic and fun. I will def be watching it again.
Better than Suicide Squad
I really enjoyed the movie. The action reminded me of the animated series. It was a lot of fun. There were a few images where I thought to myself "I don't think they could have chosen a better Harley". Ewan McGregor was incredible! I think it would be a great movie. The only reason it was rated R is due to language. I feel like they forced the F word a few times to get the "R" rating. But that doesn't take away from the film. Again, I really enjoyed this movie.
The fighting scenes looked horribly choreographed.
Very strong action- well done
An entertaining if not somewhat uneven film. The cast is tremendous and there are several laugh out loud moments, but the pacing is a bit strange and the title, as many have mentioned, is a misnomer. Birds of Prey should be a subtitle at best. Would overall recommend though.
Birds of prey it's a funny movie, he bring and show to us the other side of DC, it's colorful and dark at the same time, the movie it's perfect, I saw the yesterday with a smile on the face since of the beggining, hope DC continues bringing to us movies like this, ansious to see the DC universe growing more and more adding new heroes, like Zatanna.
The movie is carried by Robbie, McGregor, and Smollett. Everyone else could have been left out of the film, and probably should have been.
Great movie, good yet ambiguous plot, but delivers some cracking smiles and laughs, all from a well-worked Margot Robbie's Harley Quinn.
Recommendable.
We went to this movie on date night and my wife was bored with it 2/3 of the way through so we left. I wasn't impressed with the way the characters were portrayed, they weren't true to their comic book personas at all and the whole thing came off as absurd and silly. Just seems to me that Hollywood is trying so hard to push agendas that they've almost forgotten how to make good movies.
All over the place and just thrown together. Suicide squad 2
It was decent. Kinda messy in parts and slow to start. The 80% and higher rating is a little too generous. I would wait till Digital or Blu Ray imho!! 
What a mess of a movie, it's all over the place. I didn't find it fun at all and I nearly fell asleep
Harley Quinn deserves the world
it had a lot of good fight scenes. true to the characters. lots of laughs. little slow at times, but overall enjoyable
A fun flick that mixes Ferris bullets day off and Deadpool 2
It was absolutely amazing!!!! Female Power!!
It gave me ALL the feels I needed from Harley and Huntress!
The first act is hard to follow as it introduces characters and what got them into. It's told in a non-linear way so you have to pay close attention. But it's executed well. Heck, how they introduced it is funny! The second and third act is where shit gets real.
One of the best DCEU films yet.
I was worried about the movie being too short but luckily it's so fast paced and action packed it's perfect.
Super fun movie! Margot is amazing as Harley, Mary Elizabeth Winstead kicked ass as Huntress, and Ewan McGregor was hilarious. We laughed a lot and enjoyed the many long and exciting fight scenes!
Energetic and entertaining..!!!
crazeeeeee and insanely-funny,
this movie supposed to be Harley Quinn's standalone but managed to introduce new heroes to the DCEU in the same time. this movie is really meant to be made in R-rated, seems like DC has already learn their mistakes from Suicide Squad and BVS.
I saw Birds of Prey last night, and I love it! It isn't a great movie, but it's fun and entertaining. I'm taking my fiancé today, and I can hardly wait to see her reactions. One last comment, "Harley Quinn is fantastic, and the Queen of Mayhem!"
People walked out early. Most soft rated R film, this could have easily been PG-13 without all the cussing. Bad plot, once again another comic book movie disappointment.
Decent movie. DC/Batman nerds will have some issues with it following cannon. Its enjoyable.
I can understand that this movie doesn't work for everyone, but I highly enjoyed it! It's fast paced, the cinematography is creative and colourful and the movie is accompanied with a good soundtrack. The last hour made the movie in my opinion. I was however disappointed that the characters only 'met up' near the ending and that in some scenes the writing felt off...
Good grief, what absolute garbage, what a shocker these days. 
fun & entertaining from start to end.
One of the best films of 2020, I really liked the action scenes, soundtrack. I just wanted more scenes from the Huntress and the Black Canary, another thing was the look of the Black Canary, which was very different
MUST SEEEEEE!!!!!! such a good movie
Amazing Movie Love It ❤
Filme fantástico. Entrega o que se propõe. Muita ação, diversão e personagens fortes muito bem caracterizadas
Wacky, crazy and fun.  A whole new type of comic book movie.  Highly recommend.
Nonstop joy to watch!! So delightfully surprised!
This isn't the worst film ever, but it's not far off. Margot Robbie should do everything in her power to distance herself and her career from this stinker - including Ewan McGregor, who hasn't been this wooden since I Love You Phillip Morris.

I'm not a woman but Robbie's garishly caricatured protagonist, Harley Quinn - and her squad of ball-busting heroines are once-sweet girls, united by (surprise surprise) all having been terribly wronged by the men in their lives and spend the entire film trading body-twisting blows with and taking down wave after wave of over-muscled, male morons in a vacuous, uni-dimensional anti-hero film that will likely satisfy only those who thought to bring popcorn in with them.
Didn't know the writer the Birds of Prey wrote Bumblebee until afterwards but after watching it I'm not surprised because just like Bumblebee it was an okay one time watch movie. Didn't care too much about psychedelic nature of it all along with all the flashbacks to the point certain scenes were shown twice. That wasn't too surprising since that was the vibe in the trailers but it was just too much. It was funny in some parts but overall it was nothing special especially in comparison to these glowing critic reviews. One bright spot was Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Huntress. Would like to see more of her in future movies or even her own movie.
Meh, it passed the time... is correct.  Nothing great but had a couple good moments. Harley Could NOT tow the line without a stronger co-actor as in the first one..
Very entertaining; along the lines of Kill Bill with more vibrant colors and gritty characters.
Pretty good, it was enjoyable at best.
chaotic and violent in the absolute best way!! we already knew margot was going to be great, this movie just proves even more that she was born to play harley. rosie, mary, chris, ewan, and ella were perfectly cast. JURNEE SMOLLETT-BELL YOU GUYS!!!! SHE IS INCREDIBLE AS BLACK CANARY I CANNOT STRESS THIS ENOUGH!!! I NEED A SEQUEL OR SOLO MOVIE NOW!!

everyone that says this movie is bad, is boring and doesnt know how to have fun because i had A BLAST

also, those fight scenes were INCREDIBLE i cant wait to watch it a million more times WOW
It was a fun movie to watxh
Fun, funny and engaging. #girlpower
super enjoyed it! great time throughout
The fight scenes were very well executed. One of my gripes with non-powered female heroes fighting big guys is that the movie makers will make them as strong or heavy as men. None of that here, if Harley's needed to throw a guy twice her size, she used speed and all her body weight. Great fight choreography. The villain was awesome, and the story was decent. Harley was way better than in Suicide squad. Appropriately brutal telling. Love it!
Awesome movie, lots of action, really funny and Margot Robbie is amazing as Harley Quinn..
It was very good and fun
It laid a lot of groundwork. Tons of Easter eggs. Action sequences (especially seeing it in Dolby) were awesome. The cast was great (Black Canary was the MVP of this movie) and it was overall fun!
From beginning to end I was CAPTIVATED by this film. I couldn't stop myself from comparing it to Suicide Squad, and let me tell you. The characters are incredibly interesting! So interesting in fact that if they made origin stories for any Birds of Prey member then I will be in the theater for that film. The plot? Actually interesting! Suicide Squad did not do a great job with that and to see an extension (to a certain degree) of that film with a solid plot, and even solid subplots, was refreshing. I know there's 8,000 people that worked on this film but I just want to give thanks to Margot Robbie for really believing in something that I enjoyed tremendously. I hope they make gobs of money this weekend and beyond because they deserve it! I left that theater thinking, "I'm a mother-fkn WOMAN."
It was just alright. They story line was all over the place. Some of the acting was pitiful and parts of the movie were flat boring.
I felt like it was non stop action. Harley felt like Harley and Canary and Huntress were amazing.
Ghostbusters 2016 all over again. Trash.
Simplesmente perfeito! Harley está fantabulosa ❤️
film is perfect I like
Birds of Prey was so much fun. The action scene were amazing and the cast was amazing. Wouldnt mind watching it again.
I enjoyed the soundtrack, the more dynamic characters, and humor in Birds of Prey. I especially enjoyed the creative combat. It was highly entertaining. I especially enjoyed that (finally!) there was an updated Harley Quinn that follows her comics more closely. However, I did not like that Huntress fell flat as a character.
Birds of prey.. still felt more like Harley quin film.. black mask was good but it felt like torture to sit through this film at some parts...
Loud and stupid... The worst movie of 2020 (so far).
Well worthwhile. Fight scenes were awesome!
Great film with amazing fight scenes and a solid story.  Another successful entry for DC Comics. Harley Quinn has never been better
Harley is so adorable. A lot of things to love on this one. Perfect feel good movie yet action pack AMAZING. Keeps me wanting for more!
Not sure what movie all these other folks saw, but it is not 5 Stars. Fresh because it's an all female lead in a major Comic Book film? Maybe.

See it for yourself. Don't trust any of these reviews.
Enjoyable , fast paced. The action scenes were awesome, very well crafted . Margot Robbie as Harley works and so does the rest of the cast! Hope to see more of them!
Well paced, great action, fun around.
Experienced it in IMAX and it defiantly did not dissapoint!🃏💪
Such a blast! This movie was exactly what a Harley Quinn movie should be, it was so much fun, Margot is amazing and each of the characters was quickly and nicely developed. There are some really great cinematic scenes and the fight scene in the police station...wow. The artistry of sets was impressive too, lots of details, I need to watch it again.
Funny, violent, different, FUN.
Really enjoyed this movie!! There was enough action and comedy to keep you entertained. Some people are put off as its an all female anti-hero movie but it's not over done. Absolutely loved the movie and now we have been introduced to these other gorgeous powerful women hopefully we will be seeing more of them. 10/10 really could not fault it ♦️🖤
As a huge Margot Robbie fan i was sadly disappointed movie plot was pretty weak and jumped around too much for my liking ... I suspected it wouldn’t be that great with the lack of promotion....acting was subpar Rosie Perez was terrible... huntress was awkward as hell lol....DC comics fails me yet again
An explosion of crazy and color! It was a hilarious movie with a lot of badass ladies and great music.
Loved Margot Robbie. Shes Awesome in this Role. Funny, Edgy, Scary, Cute & always ready for something to happen.
It was action and comedy throughout the whole movie . The characters were all great as well
Loved the action and Harley and the girls
awful.   Totally ignored the source material. Stunt Casting. 
Case in point. You have Cassandra Cain, one of the best fighters in the DC universe, and during a big fight scene. she is sitting on her ass doing nothing. This
was crap.  I Cant wait for WW 84 that looks incredible, WW was awesome, as was Shazam and aquaman. THIS was NOT Birds of Prey. They SHOULD have just adapted CHUCK DIXONS (the creator) issues of Birds of Prey,  hell even Gail Simones stories are brilliant (back when she ACTUALLY wrote good comics instead of tweeting all day) pass go, dont collete 200 and PASS this movie by.  Bloody rubbish
Epic fun and crazy fun
10/10 would see again. I feel like I fell in love eight times I couldnt stop smiling
While I still found enjoyment with Birds of Prey I found the story to be all over the place. Yes, it was a simple "bad guy wants his jewel back" story but the way they decided to skip back and forth in time made it hard to follow and feel unnecessary. This movies two saving graces were Margot Robbie and Ewan McGregor who brought their A game as per usual. This two were delights onscreen and to be honest were the only things I cared about (and Bruce the Hyena). The action was really well done and so was the comedy but how they played everything out just did not work for me.
This is the Harley Quinn we’ve all been waiting for! Great fast paced action and stellar acting by all the cast! Huntress is a scene stealer!
Amazing movie, fun and violent
Pros: The acting is all-around great. Ewan McGregor chews the scenery in all the best ways, Margot Robbie IS Harley Quinn, in the same way, Ryan Reynolds is Deadpool or RDJ is Tony Stark and Rosie Perez as an older, grizzled Rene Montoya was a gift I didn't know I wanted. Lot's of action, Plenty of humor and some pretty tight storytelling.

Cons: While I can appreciate the takes they took on most of the characters, there's one character who resembles her comics counterpart in name and ethnicity only, which is a shame because that character (in the comics) is pretty awesome and it would have been nice to see some version of that character. There are a couple of abrupt tonal shifts that would have worked better if they were making a different kind of movie. Not really sure why they shot for an "R" rating on this. When they eventually make a Basic Cable edit of this it will be practically indiscernible from the Big Screen version.  While the fight scenes are fun, they tend to look choreographed.  There is, in my opinion, a HUGE missed opportunity to utilize an introduced plot element that I was on the edge of my seat waiting for, only to be left disappointed. Lastly, while "Birds of Prey" is in big, bold letters on the poster, the actual Birds of Prey are really just supporting characters. Harley is the star, which is fine, but just call it Harley Quinn if that's the case. (I don't know...maybe that's just the filmmakers trying to be clever or something).

Overall: While it certainly kept me entertained in the moment, there was too much of it that stuck in my craw on the way home from the theater. Missed opportunities, unnecessary tonal shifts, trying too hard for that "R" rating (without really committing to it) all left me kinda disappointed. Honestly, the Harley Quinn cartoon on the DC Universe app is MUCH better.

Grade: C+
This is a must see film. Margot Robbie totally nailed it as Harley Quinn. The action sequences are so darn amazing, especially Harley's acrobatic fights move. The storyline is amazing too.
Fun movie, badass fight scenes, excellent easter eggs for long time fans, and a great introduction for new fans. Definitely seeing again this weekend.
saw it on opening night with my AMC moviepass.....this is easily the worst DC Universe movie i've seen.
Great movie another win for DC. Keep it up DC been a fan since I was a kid and the movie didn't disappoint...
It’s was fabulous, really good chemistry with the characters, had a great time watching it
its hard to find what i liked about that movie. Maybe music...
Really solid action film. light-hearted at points and extremely dark in others. All the actors are great and the dialogue is really fun. Totally recommend if you want to see some kick ass cinema this week.
Good, one time watch movie.
It is a fun movie. 
If you want to have a good time go to watch this movie.
If you want to see a masterpiece don't go to watch this movie.
terrible, terrible movie
solid movie! gave us fleshed out characters, sub stories and didnt take 3 hrs to finish or finish on an open ending
I was very bored. I enjoyed the action. I like Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn. Jurnee Smollett-Bell was fantastic as Black Canary. I just wish I had more of her. I felt this movie meandered. Outside of Black Canary, I can't say that I liked any of the characters in this movie. A few characters and their stories should have been cut. The story just did nothing for me. I did love how they played out Jared Leto though LOL!!!!!! The shade is real with that one hahaha!!!
Great time with this movie, much better than Suicide Squad. Lots of laughs. Great fight scenes. 
talented, brilliant, incredible, amazing, show stopping, spectacular, never the same, totally unique, completely not ever been done before, unafraid to reference or not reference, put it in a blender, shit on it, vomit on it, eat it, give birth to it.
One of the best movies I have ever seen, period. Feminism neatly wrapped up in a bubble gum pink package (splattered with blood) that is consumable and entertaining for all.
I really enjoyed this movie. I think there could have been more dialogue but overall it was a great film.
Not perfect, but I had the ultimate blast with it. It is not thought provoking like The Joker so don't go expecting that. But it really fun and the characters are, for the most part, great,
Great movie. Loved the characters. Fully justified it's R rating. Had a great time in theatre. Definately worth it.
Loved this movie! Love Harley Quinn!
this movie is allot of fun recommend it
Wickedly funny, campy, over-the-too violence, and a terrific performance from the cast, particularly Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn makes Birds of Prey one hell of a ride from start to finish. I couldn't stop smiling throughout the movie and was bummed when the credits started to roll as I wanted more! Definitely a strong comic book film and a great start to what I hope is a new series of films for not only Harley but the Birds of Prey. I 100% recommend!
Mulheres mandando bem em todas as áreas! Produção, direção e atuação! Estou ansioso para ver o próximo capítulo disso tudo! O filme é colorido, explosivo e tem uma fotografia impecável (e a trilha sonora ahhhh <3)! 10/10.
Very entertaining movie. Margot Robbie, Ewan McGregor and Chris Messina steal the show as they each show the ability to masterfully control a scene. THIS is the movie Suicide Squad should have been, dark, violent, gory, with comedy elements mixed in. Very well shot film from my relatively uninformed standpoint, it was pleasing to watch. It’s certainly not without its flaws however, as some of the dialogue isn’t the greatest and there were some parts that could be called “childish” for lack of a better word. I guess what I’m trying to say is, some parts of the film seem out of place in the world that the movie lives in. All in all, most certainly the 2nd best DCEU movie to date. I still would put Wonder Woman ahead of Birds of Prey, but it was a very fun and very violent experience.
I love love loved this movie!!! This movies was so good and it had all sorts of action that I love! This movies was just an all over all around great amazing movie!! Hope theres gonna be a sequel to this movie with them in it
Regular. Normalita nomas
Filme incrivel margot robbie esta fantastica como harley quinn as cenas de acao sao otimas
Interesting action comedy
The movie was not creative and did not contain anything surprising of imaginative. Overall disappointing film based on excited I was after watching the trailers.
Ooo, this movie became very hard to watch. Shocking how bad some of the acting was. Story was plain and made worse by empty characters. I don't think the film makers quite new what they where trying to do or who these characters are meant to be. Got not much outta this one. And definitely don't stick around for any after credits as what comes at the very end is a kick in the ball's!
It was decent for what it was. Reminds me of the first Deadpool Movie. Black Mask and Victor Zsaav fell flat for me.
Unique movie to watch did their best with the given small pot
Brings us to the future of DC COMICS LOVE WHAT THEY DID WITH THE COSTUMES AND GIVING THE GIRLS  WAY TO BRING R RATED MORE , ALSO SOUNDTRACK AND INTRODUCTION OF NEW VILLIANS LIKE BLACK MASK DEFINITELY A GOOD I DEA ..WISH BATMAN COULD BE MORE LIKE INTRODUCING THE COURT IF OWLS....
... WELL ITS A GREAT MOVE THIS YEAR FOR DC NEVER EXPECTED IT LOVE IT.. Love the girl power in it wow FREAKING HARLEY QUINN
bold, fun and a captivating story about women breaking free
This movie is amazing! gonna watch it again.
What a sad use of the name Birds of Prey 👎
Reminds me a lot of Deadpool 2, but with less interesting story and interesting villains. Roman Sionis and Victor are very one dimensional. However it has super nice action scenes. Humor is okay too. The scoring is amazing.
Loved it so much! Super entertaining!
This might be one of the most fun superhero movies I have seen in a long time. It has the comedy on par with Deadpool, but originality to stand up on its own. Performances from Robbie and McGregor are the best parts of t his movie, they truly stand out.
fun, hectic and super enjoyable
Absolutamente incrível
Great action scenes. Margot Robbie is spot on. Overall story is bad. Zasz and birds of prey are not well approached
I was very surprised as I was entertained from beginning to end with this fresh take of a superhero (or anti heroine in this case) film. The cast was amazing and so were the visuals, choreography and basically everything was on point!
Makes up for Suicide Squad, DC is heading in the right direction.
So good!!! I'm so glad to see how they made it work this time. Definitely a must see film.
great chick flick but horrible plot
total waste of time.
it was damn great ..really fun
It was a great movie full of action all the way to the end. Nice to see a movie wirh the ladies kicking butt.
Excelente película, bien construida. Te mantiene atento durante toda la trama
I really enjoyed Birds of Prey! I do wish they'd gone deeper into Harley Quinn's backstory—and showed more of Montoya's as well—but for a film focusing on what felt like a lot of characters, it made for a fun, action and explosion filled evening!
Great action and a well done movie.
Finalmente um filme que não é feito pra criança, tem um bom ritmo. Sem apelo, os acontecimentos fluem. Margot impecável.
I loved it! From beginning to end, it was nothing but laughs and action.Margot Robbie kills the roll of Harley Quinn. Best movie of 2020 by far.
not good... silly in fact.
fantabulous harley quinn!
WB learned nothing from their past mistakes. They've kept the failed Hot Topic aesthetic of Suicide Squad, as well as scribbles tattooed on Harley's damn face, and didn't bother to research the source material past the name on the cover. So yeah, expect 0 comic accuracy and everything you rightfully hated about Suicide Squad. ool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me, and that's why you shouldn't waste your time and money on this pile of filth.
Movie was great. Action packed. Didn’t drag at all. Very fast paced the whole movie.
Much better than expected and I need more Harley in my life. The DCEU just found their Deadpool
Not for me, bored and uninterested in the first 20 mins, picked up again in the last 20mins. One of the most boring DC movies I've seen.
The action scenes were good,but it is a plot driven film with a extremely weak plot.
While this movie never reaches the high's of Wonder Woman, Aquaman or Shazam! It never reaches the lows of Justice League either. Margot Robbie continues to shine as Harley Quinn.
Naming a hyena after batman is as low taste as this movie, but it's ok, not all movies are great movies, some are just titles to fill a list: Worst superhero movies. 

Still Cpt. Marvel is nr1 tho at that.
sooooo much fun i love it
It's fun and easy going movie. Am sure you'll have a great time watching it.
It was f****** fantastic
A thin film, heavily choreographed, with beautiful fight scenes. Harley is always showing a show, but maybe she feels too controlled - she plays the film with unconcern.
Margot Robbie born to be Harley Quinn and the action scenes are impressive. During the movie i saw may elements inspired by Batman: The Animated Series. I really hope we get another sequel of them and many adventures of Quinn.
It was really great. one of the best dc movies. don't expect to have this really deep story. it's meants to enjoy all the characters and action.
it's a good movie and it's like a live action cartoon, with the antics. you'll be entertained
Birds of Prey is decent at best.  In terms of storyline, direction, editing, and overall quality it's all over the place.  It's honestly kind of a mess.  There is definitely fun to be had.  Especially with some of the creative action sequences and Margot Robbie is wonderful.  But from a technical standpoint, it's just not a good movie.
Wild, violent and funny comic book movie with smaller stakes, top notch practical action combined with self-awarness of some of the typcial movie cliches and non-linear storytelling that in my opinion gives some freshness to the genre. Gorgeous Margot Robbie and Jurnee Smollett-Bell are absolute standouts along with Ewan McGregor, although I wish he was in his Black Mask persona a bit more.
I went in with low expectations but the movie was far worse than I could have expected.  Some parts of the movie were so bad they were difficult to watch.  I thought the movie might have some redeeming qualities but it didn't.

I wish it had been better.
DC's Deadpool has arrived in the form of Birds of Prey, a refreshingly loose, action-packed, fast paced thriller that is elevated by a scene-stealing turn from Ewan McGregor —— and the fantabulous emancipation of one Margot Robbie! 

I think it's safe to say that DC is finally getting their act together...
Iroh's grade: B
Finished watching it...the fight choreography and stunts have something holding the birds together. A revamped version of Suicide Squad hitting on all cylinders.. this one almost gets there. The soundtrack is perfect and yes talking of pleasure it's the usp.
It's a great movie showing that women can  be badass and funny, something stereotypes would disagree with
Perfect movie from start to finish. I might watch it multiple times
It full of fun!!!!!!
Some movies decide to bring you along slowly, they setup the plot and bring you in by introducing you to the key players. Other movies kick the door open and grab you to take you along for the ride. Birds of Prey is decidedly one of the latter cases. We begin with an animated intro being narrated by Harley (Margot Robbie) where the audience is showered with cursing, violence and frenetic jokes. This was disarming for me and it helped me start laughing right off the bat. Its an odd choice to be sure but this isn't a movie that's ashamed or trying to hide what it is and I respected that choice. It also introduces the visual sensibility of the movie. It borrows from Suicide Squad but they do a good job cherry picking what worked from that movie and they leave behind the less desirable parts. The character cards are back with a couple of twists and the world is decidedly grimy and less glamorous which was a nice change of setting.

My favourite aspect of the movie was the script, there's enough story to establish stakes and provide our characters with a common goal. Then the roller coaster picks up speed and we hit the ground running. The dialogue is quick and full of moments that left me chuckling or outright laughing, the emphasis is on a more realistic endgame instead of the end of the world (something that I've been beating a drum about whenever we get a superhero film) and the character intros have a nice mix of cool backstory but they take the time to show us what they're capable of and what they're about. It perfectly embodies Harley's nature (crazy, funny but you can't turn away) and screenwriter Christina Hodson deserves more kudos for her work.

There are serious moments in Birds of Prey but there's more emphasis on the action and comedy. The action scenes here are memorable and they hold their own despite this not being a top dollar budget kind of blockbuster (the budget is still high at around 85 million but when you put that up against the Avengers movies, doesn't seem so big eh?). They aren't carbon copies, there's a dream sequence that's part action setpiece and musical number that felt like somebody slipped me something and the scene in the police station is so unconventional because they weave the narrative structure into how the scene plays out. They kept me engaged and it was also nice to be dealing with heroes that didn't have to rely on super powers and could really hold their own based on physical prowess.

As much as this is pitched as an ensemble (it really isn't but I digress) Robbie is the star of the show and she proves that her fan favourite work in Suicide Squad wasn't a fluke. This isn't a dignified or glamorous role, much like her work as Tonya Harding, she gets into the uglier side of the character. Harley's really fun for a few seconds and then she'll do something disappointing or shocking and because of Robbie's work, she becomes a more well rounded character. She captures Harley's enigmatic nature and this is a triumph for her. If there's someone who really caught my attention other than our lead it was Jurnee Smollett-Bell as Black Canary. She not only looked the part but she had the tough attitude and the vulnerability all wrapped up into one. I had only seen her in Temptation (which I also liked her in but the movie sucked overall) but she was excellent here and I hope we get to see more of her again in this role soon. Rosie Perez and Mary Elizabeth Winstead were both solid, they were the supporting players in the crew but they each got their moments (more on Winstead later). I was so sure going in I was going to hate Cassandra Cain as a character but Ella Jay Basco hit the right notes and I thought she worked well with the rest of the cast. Kid characters get annoying fast when they're not done right and she was a good addition to this group. I want to credit Chris Messina as a pitch perfect Victor Zsasz but I also have to talk about our antagonist Roman Sionis played by Ewan McGregor. This is a weird performance by Ewan, he's so off-kilter and his tone changes from scene to scene. He's a great actor and he won me over but I had a hard time getting a handle on what he was trying to do. But I still think he did a good job overall.

The strengths of Birds of Prey shine so brightly that it helped me look past a couple of things that bothered me. The movie does start to lose a little momentum at the 3/4 point, its pace had been very frenetic and breezy but when the emotional stakes come in, they hit the breaks a little too hard. I liked the character of Huntress and Winstead's performance but we could have used more time with her, she could almost have been cut out of the movie. I also didn't like the score, the musical choices were very obvious and while I like that style of music, the movie featuring so many classic rock/pop hits made the music feel more generic next to the rest of the movie.

This movie isn't a perfect package and while I did walk away with notes and criticism but I was so happy leaving the theatre. Birds of Prey doesn't just break away from the rest of the DC Universe, it blazes a brand new trail. It has more in common with Doom Patrol and Deadpool than Batman v Superman or Aquaman and it was so refreshing and unafraid to switch things up. Robbie throws herself into Harley, the plot shifts constantly and keeps you guessing, the action holds up and our heroine's zany humour is not only plentiful but brilliantly successful. As much as Margot deserves credit, Prey's MVP is screenwriter Christina Hodson who delivers a bonkers script that throws curve after curve (along with some solid comedic dialogue) and when paired with Yan's direction, Birds of Prey is a home run. Purists may have issues with the representation of a couple of the characters but I don't have that background. I'm happy to give Birds of Prey an 8.5/10 rounding up to a 9/10. I would absolutely recommend checking this out in the theatre, this kind of entry in the genre is the best way to fight superhero blockbuster fatigue. My message to the executives is that if you want people to keep showing up to see the big comic book movies, we need different and daring films which Birds of Prey is unabashedly so.
Not very different, honestly. The whole movie just felt like a girl power trope.
Boring. We would rather watch JoJo Rabitt another time.
Much much much better than Suicide Squad
Loads of fun, solid action and dazzling visuals. Best female action squad since Charlies Angels (Barrymore version of course). A little heavy handed on the narration which feels like a little lazy storytelling. Better stoned.
Film is really entertaining, colorful and interesting. It embraces the fact that Harley Quinn is an unreliable storyteller and someone who isn't your typical hero. Margot Robbie makes a perfect Harley and the rest of the cast also well embodies the characters they were givem. Black Mask is one terrifying villain. The humor is very dark and present throughout the film. I laughed a lot. I also cared about these women and they way each of them got to their emancipation. I think (with the exception of Cassandra Cain) that everyone added something to the character's lore. I did like Cain in the film, though, but she could have easily been a different character. Highly recommend film if you like comics, action and gore.
It's fun, I like it. Having a lot of Quentin Tarantino influences, that's always a bonus to me.
Harleeeyyy slaaaayyy
It was awesome, but i didn't like Cassandra Cain. Batgirl must be more rude and bad-ass, not just frightened little girl.
10x better than Suicide Squad. I thought this movie was funny
Not worth your time or money. Another superhero trash movie
An unexpected surprise. A great addition to the DCU. 
What a great movie this was! Must see.  A enjoyable film from dc. Keep it up dc.
It wasn't bad... Not completely. First the good, Margot Robbie, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Jurnee Smollett-Bell owned their characters & left me wanting more. Most of the action was visceral & hard hitting, & I loved the Hyena (CG Dog)
The things that let the film down were the writing, costume designs, music and Victor Zsasz (character not actor). As great as Ewan McGregor was as Black Mask, his character was completely 1 dimensional. Sad that 'The Misogynist' has become a character type & that's all his character was. By the end I had a decent enough time, but couldn't shake the feeling that this film could have been so much more if they decided to tell a proper Birds of Prey origin story, that was more about them and less about Harley and her Black Canary sidekick. 6/10
Awesome I love it waiting for the next sequel 😍
Perfection from beginning to the end
It's a must see movie
The movie is cool, its funny and margot robbie is amazing!
Margot Robbie's impressively good game, the presence of brutal female characters, epic VFX and spectacular fighting scenes are what make this film insanely good.
I went into this movie thinking it was going to be hella cheesy but was excited to see it anyway. surprisingly it was very entertaining, great action, exceeded my expectations and thoroughly enjoyed the movie
I love the movie 😍😍😍😍
Fue todo excelente, actores, efectos especiales, guion y sobre todo la categoría R
GREAT MOVIE I RECOMMEND 
I saw this movie during a Thursday night showing and it was absolutely amazing. Beautiful cinematography, creative choreography, and excellent well constructed characters. A movie where the female characters are allowed to be old or not have perfect skin? FUCK YES. I also highly appreciated the real but subtle lgbtq+ representation in this movie. That's how you fucking do it. Marvel take notes.
The DC Comic fan in me me absolutely hated this movie, but to be fair. This is actually a fairishly competent film when it comes to the action scenes, cinematography, and most of the acting from the main cast. But this is definitely style over substance and apart from the action sequences and a couple of jokes,when they happen, there isn't much to offer to the average movie goer.
This movie is fantastic!
Soooo funny and the action was bad ass. Definitely a fun movie.
Yea I liked it, it reminded me a little bit of Sin City. But I think this movie could have use the Joker in it, for one or two scenes. Other than that is a strong girl kick butt team effort to make this film very enjoyable. Robby is so hot thru out the movie..
Fun action scenes and good music. Huntress made me laugh at the end there; she's just so extra and obviously best girl.
I loved it so much 🥺❤️❤️❤️❤️
Great action, funny and innovative. What I really liked about it was that natural inclusion of the women in the team, it didn't feel like tokenism - which was nice since that was the feeling I got in Captain Marvel. 
I can't wait for Harleys continuation on "The Suicide Squad" and see what's in store for The Birds of Prey in the near DCEU future.
well the movie was great didn't lose my interest the whole time.
For me it is the tale of two movies if split in half. First part I get there is back fill and story. But too much dialogue and talking instead of acting and action, but I get that is what Harley Quinn does. With that being said the second half of the movie was fantastic. Look forward to the 2nd now more than this one, or a suicide squad remake.
Absolutely loved it! It was a wild ride and I loved every bit of it - the soundtrack to the acting everything was on point! 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽 Finally a DC movie to rave about.
It's a good movie, fun, colorful, and indicates that this is really Harry Quin. Although the narration is crazy in Quine's style, it still makes the movie very easy to understand.  The action scenes are very well done.  The fighting position is very good.  But it's not as real as it should be and doesn't look very serious, so I just deducted 1 star. Conclusion The film is great.
Funnier then most comedies
Amazing action scenes
Great story with good pacing
And acting was amazing with all standing out especially black mask and harley quinn
Birds of Prey is the story of how strong and independent women can solve their problems alone. In this sexist world it's good to have a film that doesn't sexualize women and doesn't put them as damsels in danger.
Absolutely hilarious from start to finish!
Very boring with few moments of some spark. Disappointed.
Thrilling, entertaining and an overall an enjoyable experience. The most had its flaws but but the good outweighs the bad. Loved it!
HARLEY QUINN MAKES ME LAUGH !
I believe that the first thing that we should look for when talking about comic book movies or almost any movie for that matter (depending on the genre ofc) is fun value, and birds of prey is a really fun movie to watch. It is not the best movie in the DCEU, but it is certainly worth watching. The cast is simply amazing, and combined with some incredible music and action sequences it makes up for a really enjoyable movie. My only problem with it is that black mask does not really appear to have a motive other than "i own the city" , which makes sence since he is basically a mafia boss, but i would like to see him actually have a past and not just be there because the movie needs him to.
Nah, Harley is not good nor interesting enough to cary a movie. All reviews seem payed to make it look good, because it is the nice thing to do I guess.
Birds of prey is fantastic movie and great acting by Margot Robbie (Harley Quinn) , The story is not good at all as campare as other DC movies .
birds of prey has the best fight scene's ever seen in a DC film and the characters are well developed
Perfection, love it.
This movie was horrible. And just a wanna be cb movie. Wb is clearly trying to capitalize of a all female ensemble. but the movie is nothing more or better then suicide squad. Wb at this point is pretty much showing us they have no idea what to do with DC cb lore. After getting rid of zach snyder they have destroyed DC CB characters with aquaman and shazam. Wb shouldve been doing everything to stay away from mcu disneyfied stories and characters. Wb needs to bring back zach snyder and allow him to complete his vision. Birds of prey was horrible. And the only positive were there gritty snyder style fighting.  The story was bland. And not interesting at all. Wb needs to do better.
I was excited for this movie but wow I did not enjoy it. If you're a big fan of Ewan McGregor, skip this movie, while his performance was great this film completely betrayed his characters ending. I did not laugh once. I honestly felt disgusted and almost walked out.
meh just meh. honest to god save your money and wait until it goes on Netflix
It was so much fun to watch
Wasn't bad, wasn't amazing. Some good action scenes but not much of a story. I'd say it's a solid 6/10 not the 86%. If you like Harley Quinn you'll certainly enjoy this film if not, avoid. No Joker or Batman either.
it's so fun and it's a bumpy ride.
I was skeptical about this movie at first but after seeing it It's now one of my favorite cbm!! DC has been killing it lately!
Much better than I expected! Other than a few unfortunate cover songs (though all original music in the film is incredible)
This movie was amazing. Funny, entertaining, & simply just a joyride! Debatably the best DC movie as of late
not one good part of this movie
The film is very intertaining and actress Jurnee smollett-bell does amazing in the role of black canary.
I super LOVED this movie! Everything was awesome and better than I could have hoped for. Margot Robbie gave a complex portrayal. Huntress, Black Canary, Montoya were all super great! This is one of the best super hero movies ever! Also that egg sandwich and Captain Boomerang!
There's very little to like in this movie, which is odd, because I like Margot Robbie and Ewan MacGreggor, and I really liked the creepy righthand man they created for him in this movie. Everything else in the movie, more or less, I disliked. The way characters were introduced and given backstory left me detached. The fight choreography only needed some BAM! POW! pop-outs, and it would be right up there with Adam West's Batman serial. As I was watching a car chase & fight scene, it occurred to me that this stuff is completely unbelievable in live action, but it's exactly what works in any iteration of the Batman Animated series. I never liked the way Harley was brought to life as a sort of creepy neo-punk roller girl in Suicide Squad, and it didn't appeal any more in this movie - the acting was fine, but the visual aesthetic was meh. Part of the problem I have with these DCU movies is that there's a real imbalance of powers. Batman standalone movies are some of the best comics-based movies of all time. ditto for Superman. But when you put them in the same movie, literally what you get is, "what's your super power?" "I'm rich." even a self-aware movie can't overcome that gap. (yes, I know black widow and hawkeye are not super powered). bring it back to BIRDS OF PREY, though, when a super powered character does show up, it's a deus ex machina, one that could have been used at almost any time in the course of the movie. this isn't a very coherent movie. it's like it's the idea of an interesting movie. but all of the "characters" are flat, with the exception of the two over-the-top villains and Harley herself. you have to ask yourself what the other birds are even doing in this movie. I didn't hate this. I just didn't find anything to like about it. I think  perhaps a movie that follows Harley Quinn in her shenanigans around Gotham is like a cheaper, shallower, less funny version of Deadpool in a poorly developed cinematic universe in which the character can romp around in and turn on its head.
By all accounts and purposes, this film should not have worked. But somehow WB pulled it off, and I definitely want to see more.
For fans of the Animated Batman, Harley Quinn is running around in same Gotham as established in Joaquin Phoenix's Joker and Christian Bale's The Dark Knight. Loved it and "WOW" for performance of Margot Robbie!
It's a good movie, the first half I loved it!!! But the fighting hand to hand was bad at times and felt more unreal and natural! And the respect and love for zaz and black mask was so bad that it alone makes me say.... no sequel and reboot the whole damn thing!!!! So much waisted potential on world building and making Gotham feel alive and real.
It was a pretty good movie and most of the cast was great, but went on a little too long. I really enjoyed the story and most of the acting with great performances from Margot Robbie and Evan McGregor. The real only miscast was the thief kid, she really felt flat and brought her scenes down (is it really that hard to find good child actors?). The action sequences were also great, but by the end I felt they dragged on too much and the movie was longer than it needed to be. I surprisingly really enjoyed McGregor's villainous role and hope they bring him back somehow. Robbie delivers another great performance.
It's everything you would expect  with a stand-alone(ish) movie of Harley Quinn. It's DC's version of Deadpool 2. (At least the closest thing to it. ) Catered more for the female audience but something any DC fan can enjoy and get behind. All the female roles are nailed and Ewan McGregor plays a great antagonist. Another successful R rated comic book movie!
The only good thing about this movie is Black mask's aka Ewan's performance and the other things are just messy and it's wanna be cool girls of Gotham movie...I hate how they rushed the movie...Oh my God!!! The movie story line is terrible and makes no sense..Only cast performances are good.. that's all..Don't spend money instead save it for better movies..
Terrible representation of these characters. If you love dc comics and the characters thos world has to offer. You will hate This movie. They butcher every character it’s offensive. And the story is trash. Extremely disappointed don’t waist your money
Great movie filled with fun and action.
Is it so bad it’s enjoyable... from these reviews you would think so but it was hard for me to get through especially after so many great films in 2019.
Just watched Birds of Prey. I give It a solid 4/5 stars. Thoroughly enough it. I prefer to watch films in Dolby Theaters and this film was perfect for it. The film utilized ur audio and vibrating chairs.

Dislikes: 
1. No after credit scene. There is a funny thing after the credits but nothing official.
2. Ewan McGregors character was more entitled than villanous. More infuriating than chilling. Definitely had a homoerotic vibe going on between him and his main henchman lol. I liked Ewans portrayal, but he was a forgettable villian.

Likes:
1. Hilarious. Theater was filled with laughter. DC or as I like to call it Doom and Gloom finally made a superhero film that is also funny. Harley Quinn is the perfect antihero.
2. This film did girl power without beating you over the head with it. 
3. The choreographed fight scene at the end wad epic. Definitely one of my favorite fight scenes
4. The cinematography was perfect. The mix of dark gotham drabness with brightness/coockiness of HQ was perfect. One fight scene perfectly used bright colors.

Great film. Margot Robbie did a fantastic job. Huntress was a close second. Third was Bruce lol. Worth the 15-20 dollars of a ticket. After almost walking out of Shazam, DC has proven to me that they aren't all bad.
Very phenomenal! Loved the action.
after suicide squad did harley dirty, who would’ve known they would redeem the character in such a productive way? also empowering and feminist without being over the top and cramming an agenda down audience members’ throats.
Good characters, but a couple missed opportunities
A kaleidoscopic blast of action, swearing, lady vigilantes, dark comedy, and musical numbers! Harley and her more law-abiding gal pals are not to be missed!!
This movies action scenes were better than slot of marvel movies in my opinion I never really liked dc movies but since Shazam they have been really really good. Amazing action scenes definitely recommend seeing this!
A kick ass movie! Can't wait to see it again.
movie was boring and not funny. DC continues to disappoint.
The Action is sick!! The movie is hilarious.
Eventhough the trailers werent great the movie was amazing.
Omg I so glad it was so much better then I expected!!! I wanted to see it because I'm a fan of the harley quinn comics and roller derby but I honestly didnt have high hopes. I'm so glad I was wrong. It's now one of my favorite movies. So entertaining!!
The actors were fantastic and they did their best with what they were given. Script was mediocre.
Movie was hilarious and strongly directed for teenagers. As an Adult's point of view, I would like to share that this is for sure a family get together, laugh around kind of money. Harmless movie, and completely drug free type of money which I think It's already a plus. Ya there is one part but I would like I give credit to the director for not focusing on drugs and not drawing any signs of the attention on the part and running the play/part living the audience clueless and un alarming of the situation. That was by unique.            As much as I would of preferred for this movie to be another bad ass movie, I can't b selfish and say the movie was shit because the Movie was actually a great hit!             I give this movie a 4 because I suck as rating and because I learned today that for this world to get any better we need more movie like this. I would of loved a more serous movie but I guess that's why the Joker and HQ broke up jk (I'm just an asshole -I will admita that -)
Margot Robbie and Ewan McGregor make this movie what it is. Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn is proving to be the best casting in DC Comic's movies and one of the best in all comic book adaptions. You really don't need many of the characters to make this film work.
It's just Dumb Fun!! Action is amazing. A must see for DC fans.
Birds of Prey is an action packed colorful bananza of chaos. It's an extremely fun movie to watch if you're entertained by unique and crazy action scenes and equally as crazy Margot Robbie and her portrayal of Harleen Quinzel. Unfortunately if you're looking for a cohesive plot or interesting dialogue I'm afraid your much better off blowing the dust off the Suicide Squad BluRay you preordered...
No substance. Just another girl power movie with no real story or reason.
The fight scenes were crazy good. Fresh way of telling the story. Harley’s style of cheesy funny mixed with actual dark moments and a good plot. Wayyyy better than suicide squad. 
Such a fun movie! The aesthetic is amazing, the characters are great and it’s f*cking hilarious! Long live Harley Quinn 3
Music is bad, the overuse of slow motion is just annoying, the story bland and boring and cliche, the directing and style reminds me of the worst parts of Suicide Squad, and this has so many cringe moments I needed to pinch myself. This is the first movie of 2020 I have seen at the theatre and the year could not have started worse.
The movie was pretty boring with mediocre acting. Margo Robbie did deliver great work but was followed by other terrible acting from the supporting characters. Of course, Ewan McGregor came though to carry the film with Margo, without them the film would have been terrible. Very slow start with back stories. Overall my friend and I were very confused with how random some scenes were. I recommend to wait till it comes out on DVD or streaming, or watch it on a $5 Tuesday!
disappointingly disaster
This movie is SO. MUCH FUN. It's so refreshing to see a character driven comic-book film after the convoluted secret-yet-messy plots of recent franchises. Margot Robbie shines in her lead role, and maintains the perfect balance between hero and villain, staying true to the important parts of Harley Quinn.
Harley Quinn was AWESOME! The movie as a whole was pretty entertaining, no doubt. I think Harley was the best part of the movie. This is in my personal Top 5 DC movies easily. Has a little bit of everything, comedy, drama, everything in between. 
that was incredibly fantastic, colourful, stylish, feminist, and GLORIOUS. i've don't think I've ever enjoyed a hyper-violent movie more than this, because it finally felt like a power fantasy intended for me, as a queer woman, above anything and anyone else. the performances are all incredible, and Yan's directing is A+, and there's a HYENA. how can you not love it
A non stop, high octane action, hilarious and endlessly enjoyable joyride!
It was a fun ride. I'd take it again with Harley Quinn anytime.
A bit of a slow start.  The buildup towards the 3rd act was great!  Wish we got to see more of Huntress!
Definitely a must see! Saw it with a few friends who all highly enjoyed as well. Some pretty neat action scenes and dynamics between characters!
I really enjoyed this movie. I thought all the action scenes were fantastic and all the actors did a great job. The only fault that I had with it was that it focused too much on the title character, Harley Quinn. While she is the title character, I would've liked to have seen more of the other "birds of Prey". But overall the movie was good and I did not feel like I wasted any time or money watching this movie. Well worth it.
Una entrega muy distinta a lo que ha mostrado el universo DC hasta ahora. Harley Quinn hace de las suyas en esta película y vemos porque ella también es medular en DC. Por supuesto chicas badass que valen la pena, sin embargo el grito de canario negro vale absolutamente toda la película y no puedo esperar por ver a Green Arrow a lado de esta chida. 
Un grupo de mujeres que hacen vibrar con un gran espectáculo este film. Y no, Harley Quinn solo fue el inicio de este grupo, próximamente esperemos verla en GCS como debe ser.
I love the movie, I love how we finally have a girl villain.
It wasn’t a movie that needed to be made. It introduced characters that probably won’t be used in the DCEU ever again unless they make a sequel (DC, please don’t). It felt like DC tried too hard to make her their Deadpool and it didn’t work. It was mildly entertaining and Black Canary and Harley has some ass-kicking moves but it didn’t really go anywhere or leave you wanting more.
amazing movie, harley and huntress really shine. so proud of everyone who worked on it!
It’s a fun Harley Quinn and friends film, I wish the last fight sequence was more memorable though.
Some legit fun moments and Margot Robbie is great as Harley Quinn. Black mask was cartoonish and 1 dimensional character, boring! But Ewan’s acting was great! Canary and Huntress were also very good! But does not have a strong ending, it was somewhat forgettable. Just turn your brain off and enjoy the fun parts! 
This mess of a movie, full of the most cringeworthy level of incompetence from the so called "bad guys" oh I mean the men. Even the "supporting casts" were jokes of themselves.
I liked Birds of Prey, the action scenes were well shot and Margot Robbie is fantastic as Harley Quinn. The cast seem to be having a great time especially Ewen McGregor, I hoped that the characters other than Quinn had more depth or story. Also the "Birds of Prey" weren't actually in the film that much but when they were it was entertaining.
The movie had too many things going on and got boring.
the only force driving black mask is his hatred of all women? puh. seems pretty unrealistic and boring for me... 
actions scenes are meh...
Straight garbage! It's trying to hard to be crazy and psychotic like the Joker.
It was an amazing experience
Genial, muy entretenida
Not the first thing that comes to mind when thinking of the standard issue comic book movie, "Birds of Prey" is another welcome addition into the DC universe that seems to be putting together a string of successful outings after a poor start. The ever so lovely Margot Robbie once again kills (literally and figuratively) as the certifiably insane "Cupid of Crime" stealing the spotlight from her costars in what could easily be seen as a "team" movie. A trippy ride with some uncanny resemblances to the MCU, Birds of Prey is more than just explosions and ass-kickings, it proves that DC isn't just clowning around anymore.
this movie made me love Harley Quinn just so much more!
Black Canary played by Journee Smolett Bell she killed it!! awesome!!
Made for the female crowd, this film suffered from the music video treatment that it's predecessor was victim to, as well as some terrible costume designs and the emasculation of some top Batman villains.
 Still the violence was top notch, bht would have been more enjoyable without all the slow motion. The best scenes aside from that was the vulnerable break up sequences that were the most realistic scenes I probably have ever seen in a DC flick. 
The dialogue was cheesy at it's worst , but provided enough laugh out loud moments to be worth a single viewing. I cant say that I would ever return this film to see McGreggor at his most over emotional and Robbie try to become the DCEU's Deadpool, but nonetheless, I got my money's worth and maybe a bit more than O bargained for - but then again with musical scene , that would be a stretch , just like the thoughts of this sequel every hitting the big screen in the first place. But it did, and I came and saw.
Hilarious. Brutal. Relevant. Fan-fucking-tastic.
As a woman, I am disappointed with how terrible this movie is. Even my husband hated it, and he loves these comic movies.
Just not for me. I’m glad to see other people like it though.
Good Story, with a lot of fun and really awesome action scenes
OMG. The Suicide Squad was a decent movie, BUT this crap was TERRIBLE. I kept looking at my watch, like please end soon. Any person with any bit of sense would hate this boring and stupid movie. WB is going down the wrong road. Save your money. You have been warned.
I went into this film very skeptical, but it was amazing. The tone was so unique, fun and perfect. The dialogue was both realistic and outlandish at the same time, the action scenes were phenomenal, it was genuinely funny, and it wasn't in your face about it being an all female superhero film. This is feminism done right. 

 GO SEE IT!!! YOU WONT REGRET IT.
Fun, violent, and entertaining. 😎😃
This movie was all right. Perfectly acceptable. With the direction DC has been going in I expected to be bombarded with man-hate but it was not the case. If you are an overly sensitive snowflake that follows nerdrotic or geeks & gamers you may get triggered but this is definitely not Batwoman or Watchmen. The bits of wokeness do not detract from the movie & don't feel forced or tacked on. The cast is great. Margot Robbie is once again delightful as the titular character but the standout is Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Huntress. She deserves her own movie for sure. She is badass af. The Birds of Prey show from back in the day Huntress was the main character, so this probably should've been her movie from the start. Additionally I'm confused as to which DC Universe this takes place in. There's so many simultaneously rn it's hard to keep track of.
I definitely loved this movie and it blew my expectations. I am a sucker for black canary and she was the best part. I want a solo black canary movie and/or another Harley Quinn movie. I'm gonna see it again tomorrow in imax
A genuinely good and fun time!

Cathy Yan in conjunction with Libatique's cinematography and Pemberton's score created some of the most enjoyable scenes in a comic book movie I've seen in years. Although it's more than a little uneven. The early sequences are notably better choreographed, shot, and edited. One of my largest issues is the character building of Huntress in the last quarter of the film.

If you want to have a good time at the theater, look no further. This is a comedy crime film that flashes moments of brilliance and gave me periods of joy similar to 2016's The Nice Guys. Harley Quinn is certain to put a smile on your face.
Awesome film...  this is the second time we vied BOP... 😎🤙
It wasn't as bad as I thot it was going to be
Right off the bat the visual and cinematography in this movie looks great and the fun, ridiculous plus crazy vibe is very strong within every character involved in it. Margot Robbie once again is amazing as Harley and everyone on her "squad" are giving great performance especially Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Huntress which is very nice to see her back in a big role and I also like Jurnee Smollett-Bell as Black Canary, I think I like almost all of the character because the set up in this movie is doing a pretty good job explaining their motives. However, Ewan McGregor as Black Mask could've been better in my opinion. I kind of dislike when the movie starts become a Deadpool movie because I think it hurts this movie originality but after a few minutes watching it I just don't care anymore and let it slide, the pacing in the first act is also dragged a little bit, the story seems going nowhere and feels like a completely Harley solo movie rather than Birds of Prey squad like the title but thankfully picks up pretty good at the end of second act all the way through the end. So, yes I had some problems with it but in the end, this is another great movie in DCEU which has a lot of aspects that exactly what I wanted from a film starring Harley Quinn.
The film is terrible ... I do not understand where this huge number of positive reviews comes from ... The weakest plot
I loved it!!!!! great story, backstory, and action. music was amazing!!! Harley Quinn movie MUCH needed in the DC world!
Pretty good movie overall. Again WB gives us a ton of backstory with minimal time. A lot of new characters and they did a pretty good job introducing them. I can see the sequel being 5 out of 5 for me.
Off , This was hard to watch the cringe in this movie was so strong , struggled to sit through this and I got to watch it for free as work at a cinema . Who wrote this and though this was ? More who signed off on this . Sorry but cant recommend this movie
Fun cheesy action flick
It’s unfair how bad Suicide Squad was and how good this was
Mash John Wick, Quentin Tarantino, superheroes, punk rock and grade-A Ace Chemicals together in a blender and you get Birds of Prey. It's not necessarily nutritious or filling, but it tastes sweet as hell and goes down smoothly all the way.
This film is batshit nuts (in the best possible way).  It doesn't let up off the gas the entire film.  E.M as Black Mask steals every scene - one of the best villains in the DCEU.   The entire BOP cast is phenomenal - most def a must see!
The movie felt low budget, slow, underdeveloped, and poorly acted. The directing and way it was filmed contributed significantly to how slow and underwhelming it felt.
Absolutely incredible! I haven't been so thoroughly entertained by a movie in a long time. Best DC movie since The Dark Knight 🖤
Wow, a powerhouse of a film, hilarious, action packed, if John Wick did acid it would be this film! Loved it!
great action and fatality sequences. only thing is from a perspective of someone who doesn't know a thing about comics...that you'll have to do your DC homework to really get a kick outta this one. Myself, pretty much spot on of a comic book brought to live action/continuous cinematic storyline. This was a bad ass!
Great movie. Lots of fun moments as well as action packed. Best of both worlds and I think you’ll have a great time!
I am a huuuuugggeee fan of Harley Quinn. Automatically I was ready for this movie. I love the woman power in this movie. I truly enjoyed it.
Ehh, nothing special with a few entertaining scenes and moments . Who is making all these DC movies, I mean come on man someone has to start getting things right. Maybe they could hire the Marvel people ?
Good, wholesome, violent as f*ck fun!
Cliche but so much fun
Weak story but an entertaing & fun movie to watch.
The funnest action scenes I’ve seen in a movie. So fun. Incredible casting. It’s great. I’m gonna watch it again
this movie is only fun to watch if you never watch good DC FILM BEFORE! 
This one was a complete surprise. The advertising for this film looked absolutely terrible for this one and I was not anticipating it to being even remotely good. Well guess I'll eat my own thoughts there because this film was a lot of fun. Taking place some time after Suicide Squad (2016) we find Harley Quinn (Margot Robbie) in the middle of a breakup from the Joker. Harley is trying to make her own identity, but in the process a lot of people that have been out to get her finally have their wish. For years Harley was free to do whatever she wanted because absolutely everyone was afraid of the Joker, but now that he's out the picture what's Harley to do? The film centers around a young girl named Cassandra Cain (Ella Jay Basco) who pick pockets the wrong guy starting a chain of events. Roman Sionis (Ewan McGregor) also known as 'Black Mask' is a complete psychopath, but is also a wannabe gangster that wants a rare diamond that has the accounts of a long dead mafia families fortune all over it. He sends his new driver Dinah Lance (Jurnee Smollet-Bell) aka Black Canary and his right hand man Victor Zsasz (Chris Messina), but Victor is pick pocketed by Cassandra. Cassandra is caught by the police, but ends up swallowing the diamond. Roman meanwhile is furious, but has his men bring him Harley Quinn who he absolutely has hated for years and wants dead. Harley strikes a deal with Roman to retrieve the diamond for her freedom. Roman reluctantly agrees which leads Harley to save Cassandra and decide what to ultimately do with her. Meanwhile Detective Renee Montoya (Rosie Perez) is working a case against Roman and see's Harley as a way to get to Cassandra and the diamond. And oh yeah there's an assassin going by the name of Huntress (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) killing Roman's men for some unknown reason. This seems like a lot, but it's a fairly diverse plotline and I truly am not giving it justice. I enjoyed this one though. It's fantastic that the movie got an R rating, so we really get the feel of this whole movie. It's funny, raunchy and violent and you know what it works. Robbie is great as Harley Quinn. She was one of the real pluses of Suicide Squad and I'm glad she gets to play the character again here. Ewan McGregor as Black Mask is so damn good. He's erratic, he's funny, but most importantly he's also absolutely fucking crazy and it shows at times. While the movie is sort of an origin of how the Birds of Prey start out the movie focuses on Harley more with her story being the most interesting thing here. We do learn quite a bit about Black Canary, but I will say we do not get enough time with the Huntress until the very end to really get her character down. Also as much as I like Rosie Perez I think she's far too old for the character. She's 55 and it shows. I think casting a younger Renee Montoya woulda been the smart move especially if they were going to make a sequel with this core group. Overall, a very solid and fun film. It's rated R mostly for language and some very gruesome moments, so I would say this is for teenagers and above (leave the little one's at home for this one). Highly recommend giving this one a look though!
Attention grabbing crazy excitement with crazy action and is crazy fun.  It's a whole lot of crazy!  Margot Robbie is crazy awesome.
It lost its energy. It's stories are jest as confusing as the movie. No plot not worth paying to see it
Even the teenagers did not like it and where disappointed....
In total shock how great and entertaining this movie was!!!!!
"Birds of Prey" has the same chaotic and colorful visual style that "Suicide Squad" had but with a better story and more interesting characters. Margot Robbie has already proven herself as a good Harley Quinn, but this time her character is just in a better movie. Her performance is one of the shining parts of the movie without a doubt. I thought this movie had a bit of a bumpy start but thought it picks up quickly once the plot takes off. The movie shines in its action sequences that pack a punch and are a lot of fun. I thought Ewan McGregor was an entertaining and over the top villain that was pretty enjoyable but lacked any real layers. Like many movies that aim to be empowering, pretty much all of the male characters aren't likable in this movie, which is fine, but they also aren't given any complex qualities, which I would have liked at least for the main villain. Overall, the movie is a good time with insanely entertaining action scenes and strong characters I'd love to see again if this were to evolve into a franchise.
It's a freaking blast. 😍😍😍🎉🎊🎉🎊
Hard to follow, not much background to the main characters. Very disappointing outcome.
This movie was a lot of fun! I enjoy R rated takes on superhero/comic book films, especially when they're humorous. I'm not big on excessive violence and gore so I think the goofiness makes it a little more palatable. It was even better seeing a woman get a chance to be funny and violent. Towards the end of the film, I was starting to think about Captain Marvel and how emotional that film made me. And then all the ladies teamed up and I got pretty psyched. It was an Avengers type of moment, getting to see a team of strong and skilled people work together. (And I LOVED the "need a hair tie?" moment because damn if I don't know how ladies fight with their hair in their face). This wasn't a feel good movie in the traditional sense; this is definitely a Galentine's/I just got out of a bad relationship I need to be dramatic kinda feel good movie.
What I loved about this film was that it also went a little further than just trying to be a female version of Deadpool. It was a surreal experience, almost like a cartoon brought to life. It reminded me a bit of The Mask and Crazy Ex-Girlfriend.
Something about it made it feel a little.. rough? I liked Harley's narration and it makes sense her storytelling would be a bit erratic.. but something felt a little disjointed at times. Overall I still loved this film and I think it's one of the high points for the DC universe
I like all actresses, Margot was Amazing, and the rest of the crews were a tremendous Teamwork! I enjoy all the time
It is full of action, funny jokes and praise Margot Robbie and Ewan McGregor’s performance!
Basically a Deadpool movie with DC characters in it. Ps it's a good thing I really enjoyed all the action and dark humor.
TOTALLY AWESOME!!!!!!!
So Medium... Don't get the high votes cause it coulda been ALLOT better. Needed more comedy. Had almost none. Needed more blood. Had almost none. Needed more interesting characters. Had almost none. Bad guy was lame. Side characters were lame. Quality felt more like an extended T.V. episode. The best fight scenes were good, but could have been epic. Lacked the punch you'd expect from a darkish movie about darkish anti-heroes. Honestly Suicide Squad was better. And thats saying allot.
Margot Robbie never disappoints. I thoroughly enjoyed every moment of the movie. I will be seeing it a couple more times or maybe even more.
Might be one of those wonderfully awful movies.
Didn't have any huge expectations, just expected more somehow. Campy? Intentionally goofy? Maybe I'm missing something. Having said that...the spoiler was epic..
Decent film. Felt a bit chaotic to watch, with the plot scattering about. Perhaps beat catching this one on Netflix
Absolute garbage! This has nothing to do with the actual 'Birds of Prey' & everything to do with Harley Quinn. That's not saying much. DC stumbles and fails again on the big screen. 
Margot Robbie is fabulous as always!
It was fast paced and had a lot of action in it. A fun movie with the see. Liked all the actors and some great special effects too.
This movie is very Harley Quinnessc. I enjoyed it and had a great time, it proved all the doubters wrong and I highly recommend
Action packed funny fun fun
#sogood #amazing #fun #bonecrushing
Great movie but I expected more
Absolutely great action comic book movie.... Margot is born to play Harley
Fight scenes were great! Choreography was excellent and each sequence visually intriguing.
Fun movie. Great addition of characters to the DCEU
It was the best of the dc movies yet amazing action and hilarious jokes
I thoroughly enjoyed this movie, it's fun and colourful and an improvement on suicide squad, all of the actresses in it were amazing and bought their own style to each character, but of course as always Margot Robbie stood out as Harley Quinn. If you're looking for a fun, violent, funny movie- I highly recommend this.
Epic AF on SO many levels. Doesn’t hurt that Harley q. Is super hawt too
Loved it! Tons of fun!
This was such a kick-ass movie I loved it so much, one of the best movies I've seen in a hot minute 10/10 would recommend
Very funny. Movie is full of passion. Margot and Ewan killed it. 9/10.
It was a fun movie, but I feel like it would have done some good to tell it chronologically, in a traditional way, instead of sticking that weird flashback in the middle of the film. Character introduction needed to be more organized. Also, the soundtrack wasn't implemented well. More instrumentals and less pop songs would have added ambiance to some really beautiful shots for an even greater effect.
If you’re a fan of the characters and you’re looking for a funny, high-energy, and hyper-violent movie where badass women beat up creepy men, you’re gonna have a great time.
One thing we all can agree is that DC always finds a way to innovate their movies!! Even people who don't follow the DC Universe can understand and feel part of this film. The fight scenes were awesome and very amusing, mixed with that soundtrack omg it just made the movie, amazing.
I think this might be my favorite DCEU film. Wonder Woman had that honor for a while but whilst WW had a third act that I did not like at all and felt didn't live up to the first two, BOP was entirely entertaining from beginning to end and the last act was one of my favorite things about it.
Not gonna lie, I was nervous about this film especially considering how Suicide Squad and BvS turned out. But I left the theater with a big grin on my face, this is easily one of DCEU's best films in recent years. Birds of Prey is a violently colorful and brutal film with lots of cheesy and non cheesy comedic moments. This film impressed me and Margot Robbie shines as the marvelous villain while the remaining cast brings an excellent addition to the already amazing film.
Great fun movie to watch. It’s a woman’s world. 
This movie is a ton of fun! Fast, funny, packed with action and a story that keeps you interested!
It was alright.... basically, the movie was just one big backstory leaving up to one huge fighting scene
A fun time at the movies
Passable at best. The Action was about the only thing it had going for it. That and a completely underutilized villain. Meh.
Plot holes and continuity problems. Harley talks to the audience too much and her character doesn't make sense.  They add a hyena for no apparent reason, it didn't do anything.
Excellent casting. Good story. Good fight choreography, action packed and funny. Glad its different from all the other movies, colorful. And black mask good job ewan, like everybody else !
I LOVED EVERYTHING ABOUT THE MOVIE. IT WAS VERY WELL WRITTEN AND WORTH SEEING. I laughed and most importantly it was just overall a good time :)
Fresh take on Harley Quinn's story and so much fun! Being a hard core fan of the HQ comic books I have a few qualms, but overall the movie is funny, inventive, and extremely visually pleasing. Go see it!
What a mess of a film. constantly jumping back and forth between flashbacks too the point you forget what happened when in what order. this is how you dont do a team up film, with the juggling of all the characters you start too forget about some of the characters and their motivations. thata just what made it a bad film. what made it a bad comic book film is what they did too all the characters. I'm fine with some twists and new takes on the character. but they still have too be the characters. characters like cassandra cain are unrecognizable too their comic counter part. sharing nothing in common with their comic counter part other then name and age about. it could of been anyone if you remove her name. costumes were awful, if you wanted a Suicide squad 2, then you got it.
Movie was amazing!! Well done! Up there with Wonder Woman!
I was very reluctant to see this and I write this as a big DC fan. However, I was pleasantly surprised by how much fun it was. All the characters get time to shine and I really want to see a sequel. The action is on point, the humor most often hits, and the story works. I'm glad Harley got a movie to flesh out her character. I'm sure there will be another spin-off. I'm most interested in seeing more of Huntress and Black Canary.
Ok not great. The characters are flat and one dimensional. The action was amazing . The movie had the same problem as suicide squad, they created their own problem. 
Nothing bad to say!!!
An exciting and enjoyable DC movie to watch, with so much action-packed and a mix of colorful & dark theme on it.
I don’t have any complaints about the movie. I loved it! Love seeing powerful women kicking ass!❤️ 🎉
Everything about this WORKS! DC count on me, count on me from now on. 4/4 since the JL fiasco. Amazing movie, go watch it!
It is a very watchable movie. it is vastly better than most of the garbage in the DCEU but it is held back by some of the worst action sequences ever put to film. There were no stakes whatsoever as the opponents just ran straight into the fists and mallets of the ladies. it was very obvious that no harm would come to any character outside of the bad guys and moron cops. It was laughably bad and damn near ruins what otherwise is a very entertaining movie.
The beautiful and crazy mind of Harley Quinn never seizes to amaze me.
this movie was so freaking perfect. I just want a really good gluten free egg sandwich!!!!!
Great introduction to characters, fantastic shots, jokes were great, and the scenes were awesome. Lots of gags and references.
I enjoyed it. I thought all of the actors did a great job with their characters. The plot moved along great and held my interest throughout.
literally every audience score a bot or was bought. this movie is AWFUL
If your a fan of the newly animated Harley Quinn show on DC Universe, you'll love this for its story tellinh in pulling Quinn away from Joker. 
it's like watching Harley animation. Love it 💖
Absolute must see, i don't remember the last time i saw something as violently FUN as this. Props to DC!
This movie is awful. The plot is non existent the characters are terribly under developed. All the women's outfits except for black canary( who was PERFECT)  are particularly bland. I have been waiting my whole life for an all women's team of anti hero's this was the biggest disappointment ever. This was basically an action movie. The action was well shot. I felt the hyper realism in this was too over-the-top and it just wound up reminding me of my lunatic family members who I have particularly bizarre fashion sense and mental illness. I really liked Harley Quinn in suicide squad and this was the trashy prostitute meth head version of that...also narration was awful and unnecessary. As a woman, I'm ashamed. WHY!? Who does this even appeal to!?
Very Entertaining. Very Funny
great movie and cast
This movie is awesome and very funny. Congratulations to DC Comics and Warner Bros.
Above average. Very good plot, story telling. References comic characters and locations. A worth wild experience.
Was amazing to see all this completely different characters develop into a perfect team. Margot Robbie does an espectacular job at giving life to Harley Quinn. This movie is a must see 👌🏼
The movie was action packed definitely what a Harley Quinn story should be whacky and funny. It’s a great start for a lot of these characters that the audience might not know who they are. Dc definitely took a risk with this and made it a pleasant surprise. Margot is definitely perfect for this role and proved she can carry a movie and story on her own. 
Great acting, action, music, and all around fun. Hope we get to see more of all of these amazing ladies in the near future!
Yikes, nothing about this movie was good. The plot is scattered, it’s essentially a narrative they curated so Harley would developed the way they wanted. The action scenes have a lot going on, but it’s never really tense. I don’t really feel for Harley’s character or any of the supporting cast members because the plot is so hallow.
Birds of Prey and the Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn is absolutely a lot of fun, and continues DC's winning streak of unique, auteur driven comic book movies. That doesn't necessarily make it a game-changer like Wonder Woman or Joker, but it still earns a place in the canon.
Margot Robbie is charming as ever, Ewan McGregor's Black Mask is delightfully demented, and Mary Elizabeth Winstead is criminally underused as Huntress. The rest of the cast does really well, too, but any comic reader will tell you that this film's treatment of Cassandra Cain is unforgivable.
What I think I appreciated most was the emphasis on practical sets and all the zany fight choreography. It was extremely refreshing.
There are several parts where the story and themes take a back seat for all the looniness, which is part of the fun, but holds the movie back from being the classic it really could've been. Or maybe it's just something I'm missing since I'm a dude.
Still, what the film gets right, it gets really right, and a film that tries to be as fun as this one deserves to be seen and appreciated.
Great action, acting, editing and direction!  Wonderful soundtrack, too! I enjoyed it immensely and hope it does well enough to warrant a sequel! As a fan who read the original Chuck Dixon books on through the Gail Simone era, I fully endorse this film! It's a ton of fun but also very dark and unnerving at times. Swan's Black Mask is truly sinister!
This movie was a true thrill ride from the first second until the last!  Think Deadpool but with hot ladies and a villain that has personality and scene-stealing ability! The titular group kicks tons of butt throughout, Margot Robbie's Harley Quinn is awesome as the narrator and in her role as antihero, and Ewan MacGregor/Chris Messina are a breath of fresh air as antagonists with layers  and psychotic tendencies!  I would see this again tonight if I could and will definitely be seeing it again this weekend!  If you care about the empowerment of women in movies (I.e. more female directors, more female leads, etc.), you need to help make this movie a box office success, because judging by the theatre tonight and the other ticket sales I have seen, there is a concern as to how well the movie is going to do financially.  And that is such a shame!  Help prove that America is ready for female empowerment!!  Hell, even if you don't care progressive importance connected to movies like this and Wonder Woman,  go see this movie because it is fun and well worth the price of admission!
One of the best Movies of DCEU. Really I went in with no expectations but it turned out to be totally Fantabulous 🎉.
If you didn't understand the line after the credits, it's: "Batman f***s bats"
Awesome f****** movie!!!!!!
This movie knows where to take itself seriously and where not to. The action is sharp and the dialogue is snappy.  Great performance from Margot and McGregor looks like he's having the most fun he has in decades.
Great Action and Humor. Great acting by Margot and Ewan
loved it funny and a lot action must watch
Packed with action, good laughs, and references that you won’t keep your eyes off of! Great film!!
Absolutely phenomenal. The cast was phenomenal. Some of the best practical effect combat scenes I have ever seen.

An absolutely remarkable film.
Awesome movie especially the music.
It was good. Harley's portrayal was faithful to the comics
Full of exciting action and colorful visuals, Birds of Prey is an excellent tribute to Harley Quinn, even if it neglects several of the other title characters. (B+)
Full of action and full of fun!
Funny but DC seem to like to take iconic character names and gives them to characters that have little to nothing to do with that characters identity. 🤷🏻‍♂️
So different from the source material but so much fun! Absolutely loved it!
Fun, action-packed and throughly enjoyable. Birds Of Prey quickly establishes a smart, quickly-paced journey of emancipation that will definitely leave you feeling satisfied. This movie is a must-see.
The movie is so great and funny/ la película es muy buena y divertida deben ir a verla no se arrepentirán
A bit frenetic at the start, but satisfying in the end. Margot Robbie is the bomb!
I really did want to like this movie, but I just did not enjoy it all that much. It was funny in spots---Margot Robbie really steals the entire movie. But, the story was not very engaging, the acting was kind of bad, and it just wasn't that fun.

BUT...it is better than Suicide Squad...so, there's that.
If DC keeps up this creative energy, badass action-filled fighting, and portray the characters as they are in the DC animated movies, the DC cinematic universe will absolutely take a turn for the better. This movie did just that
Worth seeing. A great combination of humor and action. Margot Robbie was meant to play Harley. No doubt about it!
Amazing. So much fun!  Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn was great and the rest of the team was great as well.  All around must see film for a great time.
Pelicula con mucha creatividad y buenas escenas de acción pero no logro conectar con la apariencia comiquera de La cazadora y cassandra. Será porque me
Tomo mas enserio los comics de lo que creía
Exactly what I expected. Solid action and good comedy. Never takes itself too seriously which I liked. Harley Quinn is played so well. 
The movie was great! The fights scenes are fantastic, I recommend going to your nearest theater and watching this movie, super fun, it's also very different compared to other super hero movies!
DC's been doing super solid lately. Especially love Mary Elizabeth Weinstead as Huntress and Ewan McGregor as Black Mask. They steal every scene they're in and are overall just awesome. Great action too, some of the best I've seen in a comic book movie. Some structure issues and a few style choices that put me off, but it's still a ton of fun and definitely worth the watch.
filme muito fraco, bagunçado, com um roteiro que faria inveja ao esquadrão suicida, atuações BEM fracas cenas forçadas (coreografias muito artificiais) a tentativa de fazer do filme um deadhpool é patética e digna de pena, Depois de nos dar um "Coringa" ver arlequina e suas amiguinhas foi broxante ...
Amazing. Love DC movies lately.
Loved it! A movie that shows you comedy and that women can kick some ass!
This movie was LIT ! Definitely a must see
A lot better than I thought it'd be. Probably helped that this focused on one character than the jumble of characters in Suicide Squad.
I give it a B+ for action packed adventure and fierce female leads that did not apologize for being authentically gruesome!
Hilarious and Awesome!
It was so good ! The action in the movie was just that good
great action, great villain and great actresses for the characters. I was invested from start to finish 👍
Amazing I recommend watching this movie, it’s motivating and refreshing to watch
Loved this movie. Great story and action. Characters were pretty true to the source material, with slight changes to work for the movie. Excellent use of music/soundtrack. A bit too graphic when it comes to depicting violence for me but overall worth seeing m
Margot Robbe and her lady butt-kickers take on the bad guys
Good popcorn movie.
DC Comics and Warner Bros knew very well what to do with Harley Quinn of Margot Robbie and at the same time discarded the Joker from Jared Leto, but keeping the plot stable, between a mixture of "John Wick" and "Deadpool", gives us a story strong but fun.
Another success for DC Extended Universe (DCEU)
I found Birds of Prey to be absolutely entertaining from start to finish. It's devilishly fun, wild and crazy. It's definitely a big boost for the DC universe. I'm planning to see it again for sure.
The movie was ok. I don’t follow the storyline, so I just watched the movie for the enjoyment of watching a movie. It had a couple funny parts. It had action. The props were amazing. definitely DC worthy. Some of the acting was cheesy; but hey, it’s Harley Quinn. 
Bad movie, bloated reviews and empty theaters.
Birds Of Prey is PERFECT. I loved every second of it.  Also, I am 100% in love with Mary Elizabeth Winstead.
The epitome of average
Movie is a mess. It’s all over the place.
Fun movie. Right amount of  comic and comedy. Good amount of fighting, blood, and darkness from the villains.
I really really really loved this movie a lot! So much fun, great performances, bitchin' fight scenes, and Margot holds that fucking accent the entire film. See it this weekend, we need more movies like it!
Margot Robbie is hot as Harley Quinn but the whole movie is just dumb, the fight scenes are very silly, if you're into the Girl Power thing you'll probably like it, otherwise go see something else
This movie was cheesy and bad. They could have gone without making this one
Birds of prey went Rated R in all the right ways. I was shocked they pushed it but not to spoil it so much. I face fell off with laughter.
As someone who has been boycotting DC movies since BvS, I actually really enjoyed it. It's not the perfect movie but I really enjoyed it and had a GRAT time. Definitely recommend, MUST SEE.
The Joker ruined this movie. If I had never seen the Joker and know what DC can produce I would think this move was okay. But because I know how amazing DC movies can be this falls so short of their best work. Mediocre at best.
God I hope they make a sequel!!!! Loved it!!! 
GOOD MOVIE BUT THE FIGHT SCENES WHERE LOUDER THAN NORMAL
I enjoyed Birds of Prey. The story wasn't deep but the acting makes all the characters fun to watch. The fights were also well done and the soundtrack was great.
Its okey-ish. Nothing more, nothing less.
This movie is a dumpster fire, with no actual character resembling anything from the DC comics universe...
That movie fucking ruled. Also, nothing more satisfying than watching a bunch of women beat the shit out of villians in masks.
It was great! I really loved the performances of the characters. The movie feels like a bit of a mess half way through, but it all comes together neatly at the end. The actions scenes are brilliant. Ewan McGregor is sinister and the Birds themselves are really cool. I'd love to see a proper spin-off with Dinah, Helena, and Renee! Of course the star of the film is Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn and she does a terrific job!
birds of prey is a whole lot of fun, glitz, and glam! Probably DCEU's most humor-filled entry. Robbie and the whole squad kicked ass with stunning fight sequences.
this makes up for suicide squad which was its prequel as its referenced. this is mostly a harley quinn solo movie, if you go into the movie knowing that you will enjoy it more. the birds of prey as the call them (the comic team is a little different) are side characters that help flesh out the story. 

this movie is a nice, fun and entertaining watch. 

it is one of three DC movies focused on villains, and is only linked to suicide squad. 

also they chose a villain that hasn't been done on TV or Movies before, which makes it fresh, specifically when its a lesser known batman villain.

go watch and enjoy the movie for what it is and don't let reviews dictate if you watch it or not!
With the same style as it’s predecessor, “Suicide Squad”, Birds of Prey makes up for the problems in a stylish way while giving power to a character that deserves it the most.
Everything was good it was funny and very action packed the birds of prey and Harley Quinn kicked ass!
This was good movie. If you thought they wouldnt be a female vs male war in the movie, where the hell have you been for the last 10 years. They showed character growth that was not out of place and even introduced a few minor characters to the DCU film verse. My favorite was the Huntress. The action was good, but the only real complaint I have is they nerfd the hell out of Black Mask at the end. How the hell does that weak ass version of Scarecrow get in 3 movies, but the bad ass Black Mask, only one. One thing that bugged me, the whole time people are dying and places are blowing up, none of the bat family make an appearance.
Loved the movie. I was quite suprised. I was going in with low expectations.
Awesome film great performances from everyone especially Margo and tons of action and fun definitely will be seeing this again absolutely loved it!!!!!
tooooooo much Quinn ruined the movie. over kill with her everything else cool. just she needs to be a support role only
My expectations were high and I was not disappointed! This movie was fun. The action was great, there was just enough gore to keep it exciting. I'm hoping for a sequel.
Packed with great cinematography, solid directing from Cathy Yan, superb performances from it's ensemble cast and a killer soundtrack, Birds Of Prey is a wild combination of fun & mayhem.  The DC Extended Universe is here to stay!
A truly fun and ridiculous (in the best way possible) blast of a movie! Such a wild and delightful experience that I DEFINITELY plan to do again!
One of the worst movies we have seen. Just terrible. Bad acting. Bad plot. Boring. Unoriginal. The cast was trying really hard, but there wasn't much to work with. I understand that DC was trying to make a girl power movie, but they failed miserably. Some of the fight scenes were ok, I suppose. If you are a hard-core fan, rent it. Otherwise, avoid it.
Definitely continues DC’s steps forward in their movies. Personally I liked Shazam and Aquaman more but this movie has some fun moments and decent action sequences. 
Birds Of Prey was a great time! A unique DC film that was a nice mix of action, humor, and DC lore. Margot Robbie was great as Harley in Suicide Squad, but she took the role to another level in this one.
The movie is a surprise hit.  The action was fun and well directed.  Comic Easter eggs are everywhere.  Quinn isn’t over done.  Black Mask is a good villain.  Overall, the movie is an interesting mix of Batman ‘66 from the ole’ golden tv days and the Harley Quinn comic currently written by Sam Humpries.
Violent, funny, actions scenes 10/10. Margot was born to play HARLEY. Black canary and the hunter are AMAZING
Really good and cute movie.
it was a fun movie tho, the title of the movie should be switched.
Holy shit. Birds of Prey is an R-rated D.C. Superhero Girls!  It's glorious.  Heardtfel and hilarious. What an incredibly fun film.
Ok, let's be honest about this: yes, it's a Harley freakin' Quinn movie, so the main title is definitely on the wrong side. but the other birds added up to the kickass, as they should have, though i loved black canary here more. then, let me be more honest about another thing: i never have thought we actually needed a HQ movie. Robbie was right when she said she was just scratching the surface of our "Daddy's Little Monster" back in Suicide Squad. you'll see a crazier, thus, more literally comical HQ in BoP. McGregor as Black Mask was weighty. he killed his scenes where the audience should be hit right at their un-comfort zone; hence, a convincing villain. the action scenes, for me, gave the movie a snatch up. you don't even have to bring a popcorn—let the visuals serve themselves. for me, the real emancipation they pulled off here is from the clutter of its predecessor film.
It probably the best dceu film with Shazam and Wonder Woman
Was I Entertained .....Fuck yeah. Tho I didn't think it stuck the ending I had a good time.
Action packed movie really enjoyed
The trailers for this movie were terrible. I loved this a lot more than I thought I would. It was hella fun. Margot Robbie did her thing and comic book accuracy aside, I was able to forget and reel back and enjoy that the film took its own liberties
Definitely recommend. It was a great movie 👍
Great action and decently put together story!
Amazing & spectacular! Probably my favorite top 5 DC films after joker, the dark knight, wonder woman & man of steel.
Fun, the action is great, the cast is great. But I have some problems with some of the choices that they took...Over all a solid entry in the DC universe!
From the beginning, this film should have simply been titled Harley Quinn because this is Harleys film. This is not a Birds of Prey film, and shame on Warner Bros. for even marketing it as such. From the first trailers, I was convinced this film would be terrible, especially off the heels of Suicide Squad. Well, I didnt hate this film. I think it is fine, definitely miles ahead of Suicide Squad or Justice League, but just not DCs best. I especially adored the use of music, cinematography, and the direction of the action sequences (except for an overuse of slow-motion). My main issues with this film are the story which I feel is not great, and a few character portrayals and motivations. The way the storys plot McGuffin is used didnt always sit right with me, but Im just not a fan of McGuffins in comic book films.

Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn is always fantastic, but we know that. Shes the reason youre going out to see this film! Her chemistry with the rest of the cast is just perfect, and this is really what made the film work for me on those levels. Jurnee Smollett-Bell as Black Canary is great, Rosie Perez as Renee Montoya is well done, and Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Huntress is great once she is actually given literally anything to do toward the films end. But man, as a comic book reader, this is where my major issues come in. The character of Cassandra Cain deserves SO much more than whatever that was, because that was not Cassandra Cain. And Ewan McGregor, phenomenal actor and he played the hell out of the role the way the character is written – Roman Sionis/Black Mask – but wow was I disappointed with this strange, cartoonish portrayal of such an underrated, great Gotham City villain. There were times I felt the portrayal was excellent and going in the perfect direction, only to take a full 180 around to a silly cartoon character from a completely different film. Overall, I believe this film is enjoyable, with some great humor and fun action, and maybe that will be enough to leave a positive taste in mouths. But to be called Birds of Prey,  this film desperately needed its Batgirl/Oracle, as well as a more interesting story.
Birds Of Prey is the best movie in the DCEU. It's seriously such a blast and Margot Robbie was born to play Harley Quinn.
it was amazing! Mr. J would love it!
A really goofy bad movie 
Honestly, this movie kept me engaged from start to finish and there was a gratuitous amount of violence. The female birds of prey definitely have character and they have time to flush out the backstories in an unique way. Would recommend.
It was the worst piece of crap movie that I have ever seen. In fact, I want my half star back. This movie didn’t deserve even that.
If you like Deadpool or comic book movies this is a must see.
Expect a DC universe version of a female Deadpool with some toxic masculinity scenes. Movie relied on multiple time hopping to explain a story.
Absolutely loved it mainly because i love Harley Quinn 🥺 but there was strong language throughout the movie and some semi graphic and gruesome scenes, if you have a weak stomach be cautious watching the movie but overall a good movie plenty of action throughout the movie and some funny scenes 😄 10/10 movie
Awesome fun. great action. As a proud old comic geek I gotta say anyone complaining it's not exactly like the comics needs to chill, it's way more accurate to the source than many movies that get a pass (I'm looking at you GotG)
I wish a few of creative choices were made differently, and the ending left me disappointed, but the movie is extremely fun.
Not every joke will land but they all flowed well. The action could've had more impact but each scene has its moments
Funny, action pack and unpredictable. Birds of Prey delivers with an awesome cast lead by the terrific Margot Robbie. Harley Quinn has never been portrayed better. Also, Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Huntress and Ewan McGregor as Black Mask are sleeper hits.
Was a hilarious movie, has great acting and story telling. The prefomence by Ewan McGregor was amazing. And do stay after the credits.
Thank you Margot for making an awesome movie about the power of women.  My daughter loved you!!!!
Lots of under developed characters in a film dedicated to one character. Should of just stuck with Harley Quinn and revolved around her most the film. The birds of prey felt out of place with a poor arch. This is also the most PG-13 feeling R rated movie I've ever seen. The end with Black Mask was anticlimactic. The movie is best when it focuses on Margot Robbie who was born to play this character. 
It would be a glory for DC after sum night mairs
Awesome movie and very entertaining.
Good dun movie. Last action fight is creative
good movie lots of action never thought unknown comic book movie characters would tug on my heart like this movie managed.
👏👏😂😂 DC is on the rebound and I'm loving it
HOLY SHIIIITTTT YES YES YES! I am all about that #BirdsOfPrey energy. The style, the humor, the MUSIC, the performances, Ewan effen McGregor, the fights. Bravo to that stunts team! Give me more of all this ASAP. I can't wait to talk and talk and talk about #BirdsOfPrey . Margot Robbie is a goddamn powerhouse and Ewan McGregor turns in one of my all time favorite comic book villain performances. (I can't overhype Black Mask, its impossible) the tone! the chemistry! the action! the writing! I haven't had this much fun at the movies in So long. I literally wanted to walk right back in and watch it again! BELIEVE THE HYPE AND GO SEE THIS MOVIE!! DC IS ON 🔥💎 💣🔫🔪🧨🪓⛓
Great action !! DC does it again
Birds of Prey is literally fantabulous. One of DC's best films
pretty bad ass movie.
Best action, Best story, Best humor !!!!! This is the movie guys !!!!!! AMAZING
John Wick with glitter
“Birds of prey” Dc has yet again successfully released a great movie that will blow up in the box office and definitely put a lot of smiles on dc fans faces. I truly enjoyed this movie and how it was played out and not to mention the story was really good and lived up to its comic book action scenes. 9.5/10 for me
lots of fun! had a blast, lots of laugh out loud moments. Margot Robbie was perfect as always.
I honestly didn't think i'd like it this much, soo good.
Some funny moments, but this didn't need to happpen. Wild lazy and poor filler. There is an after credit scene, but it's only audio and cuts off. not worth it.
It was great. Lots of good action and great story with Harley. This is what Suicide Squad didn’t do right. 
Ewan McGregor is the only good thing here
Good addition and another Dub for DC.
way better than I thought. I loved it
Meh. Some good bits for sure. Would've been much more impactful as a dedicated Harley Quinn movie.
If you are are fan of Deadpool then I will love Harley Quinn she is great, fun, badass, and foul mouth at the same time. The cast are so great even the birds of prey lots of action and the villian is so great. #DefinitelySeeing8Again#DCOnTheRise
The action scenes were really clean and it was super similar to the New 52 Harley Quinn comics. So I really enjoyed it. In my opinion, you get what you would expect from a Harley Quinn movie.
Do you remember when Harley was great in BTAS? Do you remember BOP by Gail Simone? forgot everything none of those source material matters,Bin F u to all BOP fans.
margot robbie kills it as harley quinn once again
It’s Harley Quinn...what’s not to love?!
It was a fun movie. Shot well. Great soundtrack. Acting in some parts were over done. Overall liked it
Started off amazing with a bang... literally. But kind of died as it went along. Not bad. Lots of pros and cons... some may say I’m crazy, but I liked suicide squad more.
I just had a great time, everything about this works!
It was fun and exciting from start to finish
Fun and shameless, the film celebrates all forms of the feminine in a journey of self-realization ! 

Defeating the villain in Birds of Prey: Harlequin and his Fantastic Emancipation does not save the world from its horrors, it is just one step on the difficult journey for the self-realization of its characters. Shameless as its protagonist, the film abuses its contrasts - crude / delicate, solar / gloomy, punk / pop, adorable / violent, strange / conventional, heroism / villainy - to explain that strength, regardless of gender, is not a entity that determines how someone should behave, it is only courage to accept himself.
Great movie ! Great script !
there are serious problems in the fight scenes, they are very slow. Without dynamics. This movie is very boring.
This movie was badass! Definitely worth seeing. Comical and also loved the action. Big Harley Quinn fan! 🙌
movie was great. especially loved the fight scenes. no end credits.
HORRIBLE. GRATUITOUS VIOLENCE. TERRIBLE SCRIPT, STORY AND JUVENILE JOKES. SO BAD I LEFT WITH ONLY ABOUT 1/2 HOUR OR MORE TO GO. REGRET NOT LEAVING SOONER. NO POINT TO THIS “MOVIE”. CRINGEWORTHY. 
Very fast paced and loved the crazy style very cool movie
Amazing movies action pack !
I thought it was really good. There are a lot of scenes that are intriguing because of the way they are shot. Margot Robbie does a really good job. The dynamic of the Birds of Prey is kind of awkward at first. It's a self conscious movie that knows it's just there to have a good time.
A beautiful amazing funny movie. It was really good. People are gonna hate anywhere and anytime. It’s easy to comment and hate. But other than that. Excellent movie. Really recommend.
it was amazing! go see it we want women on Powerful lead roles we have to support them! this movie was amazing!!!
The movie was definitely a thrill! It was fun from beginning to end. The casts were also perfect! Loved Margot as Harley and also Ewan!
Worst movie I’ve seen in years. What’s wrong with you people??? Is this the first movie you’ve ever seen? 
Margot Robbie was great, rest was average
Solid flick. Expected it to be a little more humorous..
Great movie!  THe action was very well shot and the stunts were very brutal and kinetic.  Margot Robbie was great and Winstead was a scene stealer.  I hated Cassandra Cain's portrayal, not faithful to the comic book version and the actress was dry and wooden.  Ewan Was also great in the movie!
LOVED IT 
Harley Quinn is a force and this movie proves it!
Really liked it. It was a lot better than I expected. Great action and pretty funny. Margot Robbie is great in it.
Violent, funny as hell, and the many homages to Tarantino and way more make this movie such a good time.
I am going to say that this movie is soo much better then suicide squad. But with that said it had it’s cheesy moments but also had fun and good action too soo all and all not a bad movie.
What a great movie action packed very funny and entertaining. A movie that the DC universe needed and got. 5 stars.
What a spectacular performance from the entire cast! There were moments that were just thrilling to watch and then as a DC fandom nerd, there were moments I was glued to my seat listening to the dialogue filled with interesting plot points and usage of the Gotham world! Do yourself a favor and forget about Harley Quinn and the Joker from Suicide Squad. Just like this movie says, they broke up. Now it’s her time! And boy is it a fun time 
Amazing performances, the shots are beautiful. I had such a fun time it was violently hilarious. BRING ME THE SEQUEL AND SPIN OFFS for sure!
Everything I want from a comic book movie and more. Over the top fun, wildly badass action, and a cast of characters each one as fantastic as the last.
Nice movie, good to entertaining, but the plot too simple and Black Mask's performance seems to be...underrated.
Amazing !! I actually loved it !!
The more I think about it, the less I like this movie.

Someone, please tell Ewan McGregor: He'll find good roles again.  The villain is so two dimensional, I can't recall his character name.  It's completely unimportant.  Live action Lego Batman would have been a more interesting or sympathetic villain.

The rest of the characters.  They're okay.  If this was part of a larger DCU and we had a couple of intro movies I think more time could have gone to the plot.  But this is the DCU, not the MCU.

Will this movie make its money back?  Sure.  I think.  A solid probably.

Will this movie get a sequel?  It shouldn't, but if the right people have the right connections and the movie makes money, I'll give it a solid "hey, they made the Hobbit into multiple movies didn't they?"
Too much talking voiceover not enough action. Lost interest early.
Fantastic, engaging, unique
Great film... gives a fresh air of joy
It definitely lives up to the buzz, its what Suicide Squad should've been. Ridiculosly funny, amazingly shot with gorgeous production design. Its just an explotion of fun! Refreshing comic book movie. DC is and has been on the right track for over 3 tears now.
Without a doubt, the best movie DC has ever created. It may not be perfect at all times, but i promise you will leave the theatre having had a great time.
Fun as hell and full of badass women.
1 word : Great Movie ! except Villain :<
It was so much fun. The performances were fantastic. Jurnee Smollett-Bell was a standout as Black Canary and that is hard to do being in the same movie as Margot Robbie playing Harley Quinn. The action was awesome and looked super clean. All around a great movie. I'm going to see it in theaters again.
Amei
Bobo,divertido,alucinado e INCRÍVEL
10/10, best roller blade car chase scene scene since 1995 Hackers.
Surprisingly great! Great action and cinematography. The whole cast was great especially Ewan Mcgreggor and Margot Robbie. Overall great movie!
It was really enjoyable nice action solid performances and a cool villain .
Absolutely brilliant! Enjoyed every minute of it.
Better than Suicide Squad.
Extremely violent and wholesome FUN, a blast  time that everyone MUST see. Harley Quinn kills it once again and the birds of prey too.
es una mierda de pelicula
It was hilarity mixed with action and girl badass-ness.
I just left the cinema and I'm so pumped, what a brilliant movie...It's funny, entertaining, dynamic, interesting--I freaking loved it. I need more, please, let's just let Margot work and give us all the movies. Kudos to ALL characters, plus FINALLY one very badass Black Canary! Renee Montoya, Cassandra Cain, Helena Bertinelli was my favorite surprise...I can't wait for many more of those. Brilliant movie, DC Stans, this is our time!!!
lots of awesome fight scenes, good action. basic storyline, but entertaining. worth a watch.
All I can say is It was Awesome!!! Loved all the Action and Story line!!!
Amazing Movie and Cast *****
That was just a blast. So much fun. I'll probably see it again this weekend.
The first 2/3 of this movie are quite good, but it doesn't stick the landing. The psychotic hilarity of the premise works well, the narrative and story structure themselves being subject to Harley Quinn's delusions, but the final culminating fight scene is inexplicably abysmal, both in conception and execution. This film lacks the heart throughline of Deadpool, the adept writing of the Marvel franchise, or the intelligent depth of the Nolan Batman trilogy. It keeps telling the audience it's having fun, with the shaky tinge of uncertainty in its voice.

Content warnings: language, brutal violence

Closest comparison: It's like Deadpool by way of Suicide Squad.

Setting: SuperheroPlot: On the RunTone: Psychotic Comedy
Riot Grrrrls, cocaine and roller skates. What more could you ask for? DC wins a much needed victory over Marvel. This movie will kick your ass.
Zzzzzzzz! Why couldn't they just make a Harley & Joker spinoff with Jared Leto? First walkout for me this year.
It was amazing. The director did a great job. The movie isn't perfect, but it definitely works and the characters are very relatable.
It reminded me of Deadpool and I love deadpool and Harley Quinn, great movie me and my girlfriend loved it!!
I was looked forward a lot to seeing this movie, and although it's good, it just wasn't quite as good as I had anticipated it would be.  Don't get me wrong, it's still good and gets a solid 4 Icees.  I guess I was just hoping for more. 

Like many people who watched Suicide Squad, I was thrilled when it was announced the Margot Robbie would be getting her own Harley Quinn movie.  I was looking for the same confident, snarky, kick-butt woman that we saw in the Squad.  Although Margot still gave a great performance, her character was more of someone that was broken and although I understand that point of view, to me it left the character lacking.

That aside, there is a lot that is good about this film.  The fight scenes were extremely well choreographed.  The flow of the movie was scattered (much like Harley's mind).  The movie presented a strong girl power theme that I think is good to see in movies.  I think the same could have been done without making the men in the movie to be idiotic cartoon-like imbeciles.  I get that it's a comic book movie but still... really?

If you want to watch women kick some serious butt, this is the movie to see!  Please know that this movie more than earns its R-rating with a lot of f-bombs and other strong language and very graphic violence.  If that doesn't bother you, then you'll be fine.

There is something after the credits, but it really isn't worth sticking around for.  

Enjoy...
Great comic book movie overall! Funny, dark and super FUN. Slow in the beginning but don’t worry it catches back up. Definite see
There was nothing good at all about this movie. No funny parts. Junk action sequences. All characters are very forgettable / bad acting through out. Story is basic unoriginal. Half the Birds are barely in the movie anyways. None really remotely resemble their comic book counter parts at all. The only thing that I could give any credit for is that they had the good sense to keep this movie under 1hr 50min. It would have been complete torture if this was the length of other comic books movies.
Perfect portrayal of Harley Quinn! 10/10 would watch again!
Fun ride, worth seeing if you like super hero movies with a villain twist.
Lots of fun. Great action. I really like the fact that the fight sequence is more realistic and stylish and not like the cgi action we get in most comicbook movies. The plot is nothing complex. Just enough to get the show rolling. This works!
fine, nothing too bad about it, nothin that good about it either
I just watched Birds of Prey: And The Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn! It is an enjoyable, action filled flick! Not at the same level as the last two Avengers movies or Joker or The Dark Knight trilogy, but better than most of the recent super hero movies. I will watch it again with my lady. Do yourself a favor and buy tickets and be entertained.
Funny, brilliant and colorful. This is women superhero movie should be in new decade.
It had good and bad parts pretty funny good characters I felt the movie was trying to be comic movie instead of the mostly grounded DCEU stuff from before and I’m still confused on continuity of suicide squad it should signs of small connections
What a fun movie, I didn’t expect to enjoy it but I DID!
Fun and colorful! Stunts are amazing. And obvious kudos to Hair and Makeup!
It was very good...MUCH better than Suicide Squad ! A few grips here and there...needed more BOP! But overall a pretty fun ride! 👍👍👍👍
Suicide squad was better. Wasn’t that bad though. Meh.
This movie was everything I wanted and more. The action was so great, and the score went so well with everything. I absolutely loved Black Canary and Huntress... I just wish we'd gotten more of them. Harley was great as usual. It is really the movie Suicide Squad wished it could be.
The was fun and entertaining it is more of a Harley's movie then anything. Hunters and black carnry actress where also amazing I can see more of them in other movie. Black mask was different but I like what was done. Overall it was great
Fun, great action sequences, got the characters perfect. If you grew up reading DC comics as I did you’ll love this movie.
Some of the best action scenes you'll see in a movie.  A little quirky at times, but overall a great movie! Highly recommend just in action scenes alone.
The action scenes alone were amazing, and the rest of the the movie was equally entertaining! Absolutely loved it!
I thought the action scenes were very good. Margot Robbie's facial expressions were awesome
GIRLS RULE! Cathy Yan and Christina Hodson are the future of DC Films. Birds of Prey is a stylish and vibrant. Tons of humor and over the top action you want from a comic book film. Ewan McGregor is vicious and delicious as Roman Sionis. Margot is brilliant as ever Harley Quinn 
Everything about it was insanely awesome!!  I’ve always been a huge fan of Harley Quinn!!
This is going to be a big year for women with three big comic book movies coming to theaters, and Birds of Prey kicks it off with a hell of a blast. Much better than I thought it would be.
What can I say, Margot Robbie is great for the role and at times when she isn’t playing the fun role you get this heath ledger acting vibe, overall a fun movie that passes some of the others in DC like SS and JL. It falls short sometimes but then the fight scenes make up it...
This could be the worst if not close to the worst movie in history, I mean sitting in a toilet stall on a phone is better than watching the movie
Fun characters (including a great villain) and probably the best action/fight scenes in any DC movie
Funny, action packed and has a fantastic cast. Margot Robbie IS Harley Quinn. Huntress and Black Mask are sleeper hits.
Lots of fun, great character acting all around.
This movie is fun, bright, and chaotic in the most amazing way. Its like watching a live action adult cartoon.
OHMIGODOHMIGODOHMIGOD!!!! Harley-Freakin-TASTIC!!!
Action  and stunt work was good. More adult language could of been cut back. Could of used just a little Joker as he was really cut out of Suicide Squad and maybe just steal Batman's car lol
As bad as its pretentious title.
Wasn't fun, lame, unfunny. Story is very thin, unspectacularly staged, senseless flashbacks that take the flow out of the story. And what they did with the evil characters was annoying, if you know the comics.
Huntress the best hero so far in this new characters
'Birds of Prey' delivers on a lot of fronts. 

The action sequences in this film were truly something to be amazed by; the fact Margot Robbie did a lot of this in skates is just insane to me! The film is very funny as well, Margot's portrayal of Harley was a stand out in 'Suicide Squad' and she continues to expand on that here. Mary Elisabeth Winstead and June Smollett-Bell are phenomenal and I hope they get their own movie in the near future. Ewan McGregor as Black Mask is a match made in heaven.

Love seeing a film full of strong women! I need more of this in my life!
The right way to do a “Girl Power” movie. Margot Robbie perfectly embodies the character of Harley Quinn. 
Absolutely awesome movie. Margot Robbie was made for the role of Harley Quinn.
So cool, he gave another point of view about Harley and the DC universe. DC can makes good movies :D
This movie was the worst! Excessive vulgarity, gratuitous violence, and numerous flashbacks.
Lots of action/shows flashbacks.
Action pack girl power!!!
Awesome adventure through gotham that I am sure will inspire a whole new generation of daddy's little monsters.  Margot Robbie plays a perfect Harley and keeps things fun the full run time with her likable insanity.  Who doesn't like a crazy girl every now and then?  This one lives up to the hype, give it a watch =)
Birds of Prey has tons of comedy and action from beginning to end to keep you satisfied. It gave me John Wick vibes with the stylized action scenes and choreographed fights. With it being Rated R we definitely get some awesome graphic scenes which is rare for a comic-book movie. Throw in all the cursing along with the violence in a film focused on Harley Quinn and you have yourself a winning formula.

Margot Robbie was born to play Harley Quinn and this movie is more about her than the Birds of Prey featured in the film. Each of their origins is touched on but doesn't dive as deep as I would of liked. Ewan McGregor's Black Mask was an interesting take on the popular Batman villain but works for this DCEU movie taking place in a Batfleck-less Gotham but I wish we actually got more of Roman Sionis donning his menacing mask.

I give Birds of Prey an 8.5/10 and think this movie may break a few box office records.
Great movie with a ton of humor and some of the best fight scenes in any comic book movie ever
I didn't expect it would be this good. Another side of HQ is shown, soft side and all that intelligence
Loved it the new team is amazing!!!!! Birds of Prey 2 please!!!!
I went into this with low expectations and was pleasantly surprised. as a DC fan, except cassey, they nailed the characters. black mask, zsasz, huntress, Canary, Quinn they all nailed their parts.  fun plot mixing them all together, playing in gotham's crime world. topping it off with some pretty sweet action. I can't wait to see it again.  only a couple of problems, I won't spoil but otherwise solid.
brutal, funny, violent and fabulous. One of the best and most funny superhero movies, the action is totally phenomenal, I LOVED it!
I saw it a second time, this time in Dolby, and it really made a difference visually. There are a lot of Easter eggs in this movie, and it’s really a fun time.
This movie was so fun! It made me fell empowered! Margot Robbie was amazing as well as all of the other cast members. The action was so well done and the score/soundtrack is to die for!! 
So much better than I expected!!! The movie was so fun and my god, Harley Quinn is hilarious here! Margot Robbie’s comedic timing is EVERYTHING. Also black Canary and Huntress were so good in the movie, especially Black Canary
Finally Warner/DC gave the opportunity to their directors be full creative, as they're not worried about the the R rating. That's good and seems to be one of the ingredients to create new awesome (and different) movies.
Birds of Prey is really creative, the clothes, scenarios and cinematography are incredible; Margot Robbie gives her best as Harley Quinn; the action sequences are simple and very well choreographed (showing how sometimes a blockbuster doesn't need to have big explosions, cities in danger, or colossal spaceships to be awesome).
It's everything good, except the script and the editing. The first is more of the same and give us a story that doesn't have anything new, neither has a plot twist, is really predictable and sometimes can be just a little boring. The second tries to be original, looking fresh and but unfortunately sometimes the way that Birds of Prey is edited doesn't fix well in the main story.

It's not bad, to be honest Warner Bros gave us a nice movie with some fresh concepts. However the plot isn't interesting at all and that's the biggest enemy of Birds of Prey. But, being optimistic, I think the DC Universe is going in a good way.

For me is just a 6/10
First of all, I would say that Margot Robbie was born for this role and she absolutely killed it. Without her this movie wouldn't be as good. Plot was kind of weak, but characters were great. Overall funny and way better than many DCEU movies!
As a fan of many movies and comics, this movie hit all the right spots and buttons for me. It was a fun and over the top movie that thrives with its female driven cast. Everyone will have their own opinions, and there will always sadly be the marvel vs dc talk, but as a fan of both I throughly enjoyed this movie for everything that it was. Woulda loved to see more of Black Canary and the Huntress, but hopefully with the success of this movie that is something the future could hold. With Margot Robbie reprising her role for the third time in James Gunns installment of Suicide Squad my excitement for the future of DC is looking bright.
It was very entertaining and fun. I would definitely see it again.
it just wasn't funny, well written, or even a knock out performance.
I wasn't too sure about watching from the trailers. But, Margot is a great actress and like the character or harley. Boy am I glad I went with the family. They movie was a blast!! The fight scenes were incredible. Will definitely go back and watch it on the weekend with some friends. Totally recommend it.
Fucking Amazing... That is all
It's fun. Very fun. You won't be bored with this film at all. There are certainly pacing issues and underdeveloped characters, but it's forgivable when the third act hits. I left the movie feeling satisfied.
a fun movie to see well done
I really enjoyed the film fast paced and lots of action and inside jokes. Lots of little Easter eggs in the background of the movie.
the film is incredible, wonderful, all the best, I recommend everyone to go to the cinema. All actresses give a beautiful show in this film.
This movie was a BLAST! The most fun I’ve ever had watching a movie!
this movie takes the ideas that suicide squad and put forward, and it makes it a reality. it pulls these characters together in a way that makes sense, and it's fun. everyone did a great job performing their roles, the fights were phenomenal, and the set-pieces were beautiful. pulling all of that together with an amazing soundtrack is just icing on the cake. definitely would recommend this movie to everyone.
so much fun, super badass, quirky in the best way. i don't remember the last time i walked out of a movie feeling like i could rob a bank. also margot robbie knows this character inside and out and she brings her A game as expected. highly recommend this film.
Great movie with entertaining cast in Robbie and Mcgregor, and great cinematography.
Not great not terrible. Like one long you go girl.
Great action Boring story
Actions great, super funny, best DC Universe movie in years
One wildest movie of the superhero genre... basically it's a fantabulous emancipation of that bright and colorful cinematography that we all (secretly) love.
loved the cast chemistry
While the scale was very small it managed to capture  the dark whimsical feel that it went for.
Was a incredible movie! It was amazing Harley Quinn is a total bad-ass, black canary is totally great i really love she!! Cass is one of the best characters i really hope see more of she, rene montoya likes to me cause was a good character with a good story, and last i'm really in love with huntress, she is a best murder just like the comics
Some of the action was good but besides that, so predictable.
Great action. Super fun. Awesome characters.
Grande filme, gostei muito.
Movies was a fracking blast!
Another win for DC. This is Harley Quinn from The New 52 brought to life. My only complaint is we only get a tease of The Birds of Prey team but I am looking forward to seeing a proper sequel that lets them soar.
Better than i expected
All these ladies did an awesome job. This movie was action packed and funny as hell. You won't be disappointed if you give this movie a shot.
This movie shows us that DC universe stills taking the good way.
very funny and action packed
everything suicide squad wanted to be 
Movie was amazing. Captured Harley's character brilliantly and didn't focus too much on the other characters to allow them to have their own backstories possibly and hopefully in the future. Worth a watch. 4 out of 5 for me
just throw the whole universe in the trash 
Action-packed, hilarious, perfect Galintine's Day movie.
Just perfect, the soundtrack and plot, very well synchronized, note a thousand!
A proper "adult" outing for Margot Robbie to shine as Harley Quinn. Ewan McGregor did the character of crime lord Black Mask proud. DC has really found their footing in the super hero genre. I look forward to seeing the world building of the Gotham universe.
Deadpool did it better. Twice, in fact. 
Great shit 💩💩💩💩💩 0.5/5
This might be my favorite movie DC had released.
If you loved Deadpool you will adore this movie. Very well scripted, really enjoyed.
Demais muito divertido
Absolutely fantastic movie. Very fun and great characters.
Fun Movie, lots of action and comedy.
Offers a real good roller coaster of intense action and a few emotional moments. Can’t say much, just really recommend it if you want to see a fun movie.
maybe not the best movie ever, but it was surprisingly good
Best DC movie ever!!!
cute movie, something you don't watch more than twice.
Solid film. Good action, funny moments. The child actress was a bit in above her head when standing next to the rest of the cast but she held her own. All in all, it's a super fun movie to turn your brain off and watch. DC has done an amazing job making different genre films out of their characters and this is a great addition to Shazam!, Wonder Woman, Aquaman, and Joker films. Keep em coming, DC!
Movie tried to be a Deadpool movie without being funny (it tried). Except for Margot Robbie, the cast was wasted. Action was good.
Let's Be Honest The Movie Doesn't Slow Down At Any point the Action Keeps Going And it Really pays off.
This movie is everything you want and more. Unpredictable, fun and scary ride full of action and wild scenes.
Completely looked like a movie that took place in the 1990s.
much better than expected
omg loved it loved it loved it!!!!!
The movie was so good. I can't wait for more from these characters, but especially from Margot Robbie's Harley Quinn. This was such a different take on your usual, run-of-the-mill comic book movie. It was refreshing and more than welcome!
So much fun! The fight scene alone are worth the price of admission... that baseball bat
Must see action pack....
So fun to watch and a bit off in the first act but 2nd and 3rd act rocks it. Black mask kills it. I needed more of huntress cuz she stole every scene she was in.
Ew how I love Miss Harley Quinn❤️❤️
Una película muy entretenida, de mucha acción y narrada dentro de la loca cabeza de Harley Quinn
I am very glad that DC is getting cool and interesting films.  Birds of Prey is one of those.  Cool characters, their interaction.  Margo Robbie and Ewan McGregor were irresistible.  I hope for the success of this film.  Work on the errors for which the squad of suicides was criticized has been carried out.  And of course the movie soundtrack.  I really liked this picture.
Loved this movie, fun throughout.
Best DC movie ever made!!!
Lot of Harley!! Good fight scenes and great music!!
It’s was a roller coasters ride!!!
Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn is the best. a super entertaining movie, fun, full of action.
This movie is the craziest comic book movie I've ever seen! It was so action packed, fun, and the performances of everyone in this movie were outstanding! Cathy Yan has definitely made her mark as a amazing director!
My honest opinion is that it's different from casual superhero stuff
Go and it will be all money-back experience
Although the first act seems messy and convoluted, the entire movie is nevertheless a beautiful and imaginative combination of thrilling scenes and R-rated profanities (in an entertaining way)
Really intense, such a great movie, everyone has to see it 😊
The movie is funny and has good action where friends and family can enjoy
This movie was utter and irredeemable trash.  If you're going to change everything about a character (or more accurately, almost ALL of the characters) , just make a new character the way you want it!   This movie has no saving grace, it's worse than Suicide Squad, it's less true to the source material than BvS, and the characters it almost does right it gives no time to.   Ok, scratch that, the music was actually pretty good, much better done than say, Captain Marvel.  It's not enough to warrant spending money on this hot garbage, but it's something.
Amazing characters, nice non-linear script, great photography.
plot good. fight scenes great. settings awesome!
I loved it from start to finish, the whole cast was amazing. I loved it and I'm already waiting for the sequel.
One of the BEST comic book or action films ever produced! The fight choreography is worthy of any martial arts film. Absolutely wonderful!!!
Omg! This was awesome!! I can’t wait fo see it several more time!! Harley Quinn Rocks without that stupid JOKER!!
A zany, violent thrill ride the whole time!
So much better than I expected. This is a riot of a movie! So much fun. Everyone who said us men hated Ghostbuster and Charlie's Angels because they stared women were wrong. We hate bad movies and luckily this one is fantastic!
Loved this movie! Was NOT expecting to like it as the trailers did NOT do it justice. This movie is really something else. Jurnee Smollett-Bell IS black canary! Mary E. Winstead IS huntress! What amazing casting! Cassandra Cain on the other hand was alright. Had a lot of people in my screening really enjoy her but they weren’t massive comic fans. A MUST see if you are a Harley Quinn fan, enjoyed John Wick, or don’t know much about the comic books/don’t care much about too many changes. Still, if you do enjoy the comics like I, my mind was definitely changed, and yours might be too.
Bad movie. I liked the reshoots by JohnWick's director, Chad Stahelski, because the previous version was terrible without those action sequences. I liked the arc of Huntress as well, she's a good assassin. And the flashbacks and flashforwards like Pulp Fiction. But everything else is a disaster. The little Chinese girl swallows a diamond and Black Mask wants to kill her to take it back. The 5 girls gather to fight at the end because of the fate (and the script). People who were in the theater preferred to look at their cell phones in front of boring scenes, you can cut 40 minutes and it looks better. This is NOT DC COMICS. Ewan McGregor's character was crap. The post-credit scene was stolen from Deadpool.
Fun, fresh, consistently entertaining. I didn’t want it to end. Really impressed with the script and the great character moments.
This movie was very fun and entertaining as hell! Margot kills it in the role of Harley Quinn  and jurnee as black canary and Mary as huntress is such a delight hope to see more of them
Margot Robbie makes every movie great! 👌 
This is the fresh start and a soft reboot of DCEU, and finally the Warner Bros correct their mistake and givr the director full freedom to do what ever they want , results is great,I want to rate it 5/5, Most watch
SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL GIRL GANG!!! This move was a delight from start to finish. The fight scenes are fantastic, and each actress is phenomenal in their role. Highly recommend
BIRDS OF PREY IS AMAZING AND IT'S AWESOME AND IT'S EPIC AND IT'S THE NUMBER ONE MOVIE IN AMERICA I'LL GIVE BIRDS OF PREY TWO THUMBS UP WAY UP AND I'LL GIVE BIRDS OF PREY THEIR FULL BUDGET AND I'LL GIVE BIRDS OF PREY A CERTIFIED FRESH
The fight scenes were creative and good. Huntress was funny. Black Mask was interesting. 

I didn't really like the plot that much because I am not a fan of crime movies or Harley Quinn. If you like her, she was on brand. The other characters were blah except for Huntress. I think "Cassie Cain" was supposed to be Sin, Black Canary's little friend in the comics. Some executive decided two young Asian girls was redundant in the DCverse, I guess. I HATED that this was done--Cassie Cain was a supercool Batgirl with mental issues with speech. This "Cassie Cain" was boring and cliche.
Incredibly funny, great action, great acting. It did the Batman legacy justice!
Me and my wife had a blast at this movie! Very funny and great addition to the DC universe!
LOVED LOVED LOVED Harley! Movie was so good.
#BirdsOfPrey  is the best comic book film since I can remember unpredictable, wild, fun, hardcore, the action is non stop. I can see the Kill Bill, John Wick references but is so much more and unique. Love it. Harley  the Quinn 👑
This is fun and awesome movie
Funny and full of great comic book moments
Birds of Prey is an explosion of glitter and fun, Robbie, Smollett-Bell, and the rest of the cast were so good in their roles. So much fun!
Way better than expected. Not a DC or Marvel fan but this was a blast. 
Excellent action, well paced, great cast chemistry, love the refresh on unorthodox storytelling devices, great soundtrack and ultimately incredibly refreshing to finally see a female-made and female-led ensemble comic book movie so expertly constructed. One of the finest DC films made and one of the strongest comic book movies made in recent years. Well done.
SOOOO GOOD. Favorite DCEU film by far!!
I had my doubts on this movie due to Suicide Squad ( although I didn't think it was terrible, it wasn't great) but Harley Quinn's character thrived on her own.  This was one of the coolest movies I've seen in a long time. Bright, fun, colorful, with some of the best combat scenes I've seen in a DC film. This movie is a fun watch!
Madness, violence and glitter. This film is a hymn!
A crazy colorful ride of action, violence, with an amazing set of performances. A good time at the movie theater
However, there is so much to celebrate in this emancipation from Harleyquinn that the small stumbles of the final product seem irrelevant.
Birds of Prey is a movie that you like to watch over and over again because you have fun every time with the fights or characters.
And the Margot Robie is so amazing as Harley Quinn.
Total fun.  It starts slow Like a fuse and then BOOM...it explodes with A non stop Romp. Funny, great action. Maybe a little too gruesome at times. But mostly it was comic book. And it wasn't woke, no joke. When's the sequel?
Although Birds of Prey is a much more conventional movie than I was expecting, going that way gives better emphasis to Harley's craziness.

Excellent action choreography in (shall we say) unique settings also add to the fun.

Other than Harley, none of the other Birds are quite as well drawn - though each definitely gets her moment - but the under utilisation of Mary Elizabeth Winstead is, for me, the film's biggest flaw.

An early reference to Dinah Lance's 'having the same gift as her mother' reminded me of Paddy Chayefsky's observation that if you see a gun in act one, it must go off in act three.

Overall, if I'd had to pay to see BoP, it would have been worth every penny (though three cheers for special advance screenings!).
Better than Suicide Squad, but still boring. I actually laughed a couple times. The way the story is broken up caused me not to care about what happened to this character or that character. I don't know much about Roman Sionis besides what was in the Batman: Arkham Origins movie, but Victor Zsasz was VERY disappointing. The only part of the movie I thought was good was the motorcycle chase at the end. Of course, DC can't make a movie without their DC Filter at the end. Nothing looked real. When you think of a cop, what do you think of them having? A badge? A baton, maybe? A GUN! Yes. She went into a police station and maybe 2 cops had guns. Throughout the movie, if anyone has guns, as with any hero movie, they run up to the person without a gun. It was REALLY pissing me off that Canary wasn't using her voice.
better than expected
Wtf?! This was so crazy and violent. Loved it. And so rewatchable! I'll buy the Blu-ray for sure.
Great fight scenes and funny
Wasn’t bad was not to the standards of the last 3 DC movie (joker,Shazam,aquaman) but was not Batman v Superman or Suicide squad bad. It’s about a justice league level of quality.
Sensacional, top, quero ver de novo!
Good action.   Slow at times.  Overall a movie to see.
Birds of Prey is the diamond that came from the mound of dirty coal that was Suicide Squad.
loved this movie so much I had to see it again.
It was freaking great!
funny and entertaining
DC did it again. i freaking enjoyed this movie.
So much fun to watch
dope movie! pleasantly surprised
admittedly this makes up for suicide squad
So what can I say about the Harley Quinn movie as it should have been called other than, it was a combination of Deadpool and Lisa Frank. It was a zany colorful ride and I enjoyed every minute of it.  Robbie was of course delightful and fun as Harley. She felt like a fully fleshed out character after her breakup with the Joker. You can see her desperation to find her way and feel her world coming down on her. Rosie was a wonderful surprise as was Jurnee as Black Canary. Though I wished they had more screen time. Winstead as Huntress I felt was a bit sidelined, but the times she was on screen she was truly amazing. The film definitely works better when they're all together. Which unfortunately doesn't happen as much as I would have liked, because they all play off each other very well. They each felt like fully fleshed out and complex characters that I hope get explored in a future film. The fighting is not as gory as many have said, Deadpool was far worse. McGregor as Black Mask was psychotic, flamboyant and at times charming. I definitely enjoyed myself watching this film. The narrative can be a bit wacky but it's nothing too confusing as it is being told through Harley's point of view. I do wish the film had featured the other characters more and had more screen time together. My other problem was that I wished for a better climax to the film, but I guess the budget held it back. Some narrative issues, characters that didn't have enough screen time and a climax that was just ok are the only issues I had with the film. Other than that I really enjoyed this film and I hope we get to see more of the birds in future movies.
Terrible movie. Why don’t they just stick to the true comic stories?! Save your money wait for it on redbox
All the action scenes are great and the editing tries to keep a good rhythm, but the fact that they were trying to introduce four characters at once gave them time to develop only one, Harley Quinn(for being the protagonist And with all Margot Robbie's charisma). The jokes not always landed on me but I'm sure the humor will work with most people.
Los personajes no parecen de DC Cómics, las coreografias de las peleas fueron muy sobreactuadas (a lo Jhon Wick). Sirvió para pasar el rato pero no para verla nuevamente.
I cannot express how amazing this film is, I just saw it and want to see it again. See it on a huge screen with surrounding sounds. If there was a 6th star I would give it.
Absolutely the best DC film ever. Totally makes up for Suicide squad!
Ya tuve la oportunidad de ver Esta película y es lo mejor que ha sacado DC en varios años.
cheesy funny good not cheesy funny bad like suicide squad.... 
Just saw this movie it is amazing, wow, the action is insane!
An entertaining DC Film
Sensacional! Perfeita e harmônica desde o início até o final! Irei assistir novamente!
I thought Id give it a go as I did think the last one was "ok"
yep as I suspected not my cup of tea. Sad times we are living when you cant enjoy a bit of escapism without having BS rammed down your throat ... One day hollywood might understand but then again .... not to mention the poor storyline and bad acting ... it was like watching a daytime soap for first time actors
Worse than Cats. Do yourself a favor and watch 1917, Little Women, or even the new Star Wars movie before you get near this crap.
Must see what a movie
Great fun.... Mary Elizabeth Windstead NAILED it, need full movie for her character
Great experience! Love it!
Didn't expect much going in. The trailers didn't sell it to me at all. However, the film comes together very nicely. It's a lot of fun and has some unique story telling only Harley could give. The action is unique and fun! Huntress is hilarious and Black Canary is the breakout. Give me more of them now!
Margot Robbie takes center stage, with Ewan McGregor, Jurnee Smollett-Bell, Chris Messina, Rosie Perez and Mary Elizabeth Winstead complementing each other in every single scene making it a wild experience through and through. Action sequences were top notch. Best I've ever seen in the DCEU so far. Very raw and effective. Overall a very enjoyable film. Very fast-paced. But also very fun!
This is so good! I love this movie.
this movie is amazing go watch it
A film that knows what it’s going for and opens the throttle all the way. Margot Robbie is easily the best thing to happen to DC as a franchise in the last decade, and the scrappy, funny, badass ladies form a bond that is both organic an entertaining. A fun and wild ride that manages to contain the whirlwind that is Harley Quinn just enough to tell a cohesive narrative without taming the crazy. 
I liked the movie because it was creative, the story was told in different ways. We start we comics. Harley acts as the narrator and tells us the story, sometimes going back. There are a few funny dialogs and scenes. We see a development of character as Harley is single now and must learn to be on her own. The Birds of Prey, Harley and Cass are a strong, diverse group of women. There is a lot of diversity in the whole movie. The fact that it was written and directed by women also made me curious. Margot Robbie as Harleen Quinzel / Harley Quinn is especially incredible if you consider that she's Australian playing a crazy psychiatrist with a thick American accent. Ewan McGregor was convincing as a bad guy, especially in one scene. Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Huntress, Jurnee Smollett-Bell as Black Canary, Rosie Perez as Montoya, Chris Messina as Zsasz, Ella Jay Basco as Cass were also good. The music helped frame the shots as well. Go check out the movie yourself.
Birds of Prey is a loud ultra-violent mess of a comic book movie, but we loved it. Engaging, detailed and likeable characters inventively kick ass all over Gotham. Margot is the perfect Quinn. These birds have taken off.
This is worst movie in my life
Alegre divertido e empoderado
A really good movie with astonishing action scenes. Although it seems to be a little short, every member of the cast has the moment to shine and they indeed do.
Crazy, funny and violent. The best fight scenes of DCU and an amazing performance by Margot Robbie.
This movie us Deadpool meets John Wick
The storytelling is chaotic, but thematically fitting. The movie is beautiful and colorful and you can really tell they went all in on good action scenes with great visuals to go with them (PG-16 indeed!). The characters (especially Huntress) are very well put together and likeable. Margot Robbie had a great vision and the studio backed her and we got this beautiful baby from it.
Beautifully shot, amazingly choreographed, wonderfully written movie. I wasn't bored one second of it, in awe for pretty much all of the fight scenes and the plot held together nicely emotionally as well as rationally. I was actually surprised by some parts and the humor landed, which isn't always the case with me.

I honestly wanted to turn around and go back in afterwards.

Little tip: do stay until after the credits ;)
Херня, честно говоря
This is a Grindhouse film and vary little about the New52 comics. I applaud that since the New52 HQ are AWFUL. talking to a roadkill stuffed beaver?...no thanks... not my harley. but her portail of HQ is getting there. not an easy roll to play. Just wear classic HQ and mod it little by little aswell.
Birds of Prey doesn't try to be more than what it is, a cheesy, over-the-top fun ride with a colorful cast of characters, intense action sequences, and plenty of laughs but also a surprising amount of heart, all strung together by Margot Robbie's undeniable charm!
This movie is really friggin awesome I cannot wait to see it again 10/10 Margot Robbie owns it
harika ötesi mükemmel.

beyond wonderfully perfect.
A entertaining DC movie
So fun, colorful, crazy and everything you would expect from Harley. Very much recommended!
Worst than you can imagine.
This movie is the best of DCEU.
 The action scenes are amazing... 
The eccentric comedy of Harley Quinn is the most fun. 
Black Canary gave me goosebumps in that murderous voice. 
I just say WOW!
Honestly, I thought except for Margret Robbie, the cast wasn't exactly good. But after watching the movie, I realize how horribly wrong I was. Acting was really good, and the way the story progressed was great in my opinion.


Most of the dc comics were so indulging every aspect of the story line .. but in this they bring of the fantabulous emancipation of harly Quinn. The movie is amazing and actions sequences were so well made by all the cast members.
dc is back in action after the release of aquaman. hope they continue this flow and yeah RELEASE THE SNYDERCUT
because Snyder is man with great vision
An absolute joyride of a movie! Delivers on what it promises without goin' overboard on feminism. Margot as Harley is SPECTACULAR! Overall a must watch! ♥️♥️♥️

Margret Robbie😍,and Background music WAS  superb,ACTION SEQUENCE ARE awesome ,story is very good

awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome😎😍😍😍😍😍😍
well that's harlequin for you !! it's a must watch movie ,it's crazy and badass !!!


Good one




Not a masterpiece. but definitely not boring. one time watch and sarcastic+entertaining. best part is huntress and Harley.❤ totally worth it !!!
Perfectly teaming up the DCEU
I'm a Marvel fan and I decided to hate on it. But I was wrong about that. This is one of the best DC movies I've ever seen. It got best action sequences than any other superhero movies. I recommend everyone to see this gorgeous movie. 😰😍😍






well made comedy entertainer...

The movie is light, funny and action packed. The movie justifies the comics according to my knowledge and has been up to my expectations. The movie is a introduction movie to the upcoming dc universe... so keep your hopes set according if you're reading this review and planning to watch movie. 
The action was just fabulous. Really reminded me of John wick which is class apart movie. 
Overall movie is awesome but it's a quote short movie. 
Definitely a weekend movie for me and worth spending money. Could be watched at home but the action scenes were great on big screen. 
Way to go DC.


it was very good, way better than Shazam.

l like the direction & screenplay...also love for Maggot Robbie...❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️⚫⚫⚫⚫⚫⚫❤️❤️❤️💚🧡💚💚💙💜🖤🔴🔵🖤💜💙💚💚💛💚💙💜💜💚💛🧡🧡💚💙💛🧡🧡❤️🧡💙💜💚💚
Harley at its best.. Nice and awesome movie.. Worth a watch.. A bonanza for a DC fans... A best comeback for Harley after a broke up with Joker... Complete entertainment for the watchers...
Very entertaining movie. Harley Quinn shoots glitter, paint out of her gun and throws punches (and kicks) and manages to get herself in trouble with almost every baddie in town. Margot Robbie is a livewire and she pulls a badass performance. Overall, it’s a great flick from the DC universe.
Fun packed movie. Actions are really awesome . Finally DC is right on track


gr8 action sequences, gr8 cinematography, Harley queen just nailed it, she is perfect in her role, nobody could do this character except Margot Robbie. nice experience to watch females superheroes.








I absolutely loved the movie. It's not often that so many women get to be the central actors in a movie and it really felt so empowering. Margot Robbie's acting was absolutely amazing and you can just forget about the whole plot and just watch her the entire time and feel like you're getting more than your money's worth. That's how good she was. The plot didn't grip me as much as it should have and that's the only reason why I reduced 20%. However, it was an amazing movie.
Best women’s movie ever made and all the characters are really made for this movie . I loved it . Outstanding performances are appeared in birds of prey ❤️



bekar

Really bad direction and writing. Waste of a huge chunk of Margot’s money! Sadly a woman showed that women can only dress up and talk cliches. Could’ve done so much better with the characters and dialogues. Shouldn’t have given a DC character to an inexperienced director.




Not as great as expected , not a great plot , below average story and not worth the time.
(Also book my show is stating : Your review is less then 140 character so ignore this in brackets)


Can I please get a refund? The movie was kind of boring and it's down to a poorly written script. the first half is slow and has a long buildup. The action scenes are alright. The acting wasn't particularly bad as all the main leads acted well. But the plot was too slow with a disappointing ending. Just goes to show that DC will forever be in the shadow of Marvel.

I love Harley Quinn .. But the story looked like some girlish kids movie or feminist.. I am a Girl don't take me wrong.. but Harley Quinn is Harley Quinn...  I expected more.. some Harley madness...

Decidedly, meh.
If you skip this movie. you will not regret. base less action. No story.  Acting is good though




വളരെ മികച്ച സിനിമാ എന്ന് തന്നെ പറയാം, സജിയുടെ അനാർക്കലി എന്നാ സിനിമാ യുടെ പത്തിരട്ടി മികച്ചു നിന്നു ബിജു മേനോൻ, രഞ്ജിത് പെർഫോമൻസ് വേറെ ലെവൽ ആയി... അട്ടപ്പാടി യുടെ



horrible had to walk away in the middle of movie.Such a weird story line.And no character properly portrayed.Should have watched another movie .
This movie makes Suicide Squad look like a masterpiece. The soundtrack while good seemed forced on every scene. Margots performance couldn’t carry an otherwise bloated script. She went from menacing to becoming a caricature.

story was a bit slow but every frame of Robbie Margot did a fantastic job she niled it.
action scenes are good it's a one time watch movies it could be better but okay you can watch this movie if you DC enthusiast.


From a standalone point of view, the movie is good. The storyline, saw it coming. From the DCU point of view, the movie makes no sense. A lot of mistakes and plotholes. And that's a waste of a good villain. Great acting by Margo Robbie (as expected). The others were okay. Kind of a let down from Messina and McGregor but it's okay. Fun movie but story, meh. Overall, it's a good movie for people who want to entertain themselves but for a hardcore DC fan like me, it needs more than just a break up with Mr. J and a hyena called Bruce. I mean where is Bud and Lou.
This movie makes Suicide Squad look like a masterpiece. The soundtrack while good seemed forced on every scene. Margots performance couldn’t carry an otherwise bloated script. She went from menacing to becoming a caricature.




it's was more like bird of prey than birds of prey
Very DISAPPOINTING movie
Had more expectations from DC. Highly predictable and boring. Poor choice of Actresses ( specially the cop). In the end, Marvel Rocks



Average movie

Director has no control of the Story arc. Poor editing and some bad acting from supporting cast. Lot of characters but their charcters haven't been given a context. Poorest in DC. If you thought Suicide squad was bad, after watching this  Suicide SQUAD  feels like a Classic





I'm   really   over   the   movies   with   feminist   promotion...😠
Movie had a straightforward story with some non linear script. Margot's performance was nice though. Full was alot about visual graphics. Stunts were too cheesy. It's like every mercenary was a good shooter but couldn't shoot Harley with their full efforts. That was completely silly. And making the team of birds of prey was completely unnecessary. It was more like showing the women Power and less of emancipation of Harley Quinn.

The movie was great. Definitely recommend.
I could not understand what this movie was. I made my biggest mistake in year 2020 for waisting money and time for such a silly nuisance. Directors must be penalised for thinking of such a movie to be made and showed to the public.
ms. robbie as Harley Queen is simply treat for the eye and mind




Full of fun , action , comedy...
BEST Performance , VERY GOOD direction...
Rocking Rocking Rocking Rocking
🤩🤩😍😍🤩🤩😍😍🤩🤩😍😍🤩🤩😍😍
Very Boaring movie
After a long time I came across a very boaring Hollywood movie
I suggest to stay away from this one
You will leave the theatre within an hour if you enter
Harley Quinn steals the show, rest of the cast not that great but good movie!

NA

It's a Margaret Robbie show. You can expect some great acting, action and the drama queen antics of Harley Quinn. There are some good punch lines and a bit of dark humour in the mix. Overall a worthwile watch for DC fans(more specifically Harley Quinn fans).




I was waiting for this movie to come out for so long , after seeing her performance in Suicide Squad !! finally it's here and let me tell you totally worth the wait 💯 it's so colorful and vibrant that you will enjoy each and every scene.  Direction of the fight sceanes and everything was top notch . You'll have a great time seeing these girls kick some a$$es . Must watch 💜💙❤







A true classic if you are a Harley lover ... she has showed how good she is even without Mr.J 😍😍 can’t wait to see them reunite and set the screens on fire

An amazing movie with breathtaking performances by every cast member. The script justifies the character that Harley is. Witty, funny and yet the one with a dark side.


Margot Robbie`s Suicide Squad spin-off makes genuine attempts to push cinematic boundaries.
...Read full review


Margot Robbie playing Harley Quinn was the best thing about Suicide Squad do it`s no wonder that she got a standalone film after that.
...Read full review


A sprightly superhero film.
...Read full review


A Wild and Wicked Delight
...Read full review


"Birds Of Prey" is a vibrant, cheeky and stylised team-up of DC Comics` female anti-heroes,which is designed as a satire to show the position of women in the comic book universe.
...Read full review


Loony Femme Superhero Engagement
...Read full review


Charismatic Margot Robbie Gives Harley Quinn Her Wings
...Read full review


Margot Robbie`s film sees Harley Quinn emancipated from Joker in `fantabulous` fashion
...Read full review


Harley Quinn`s Film Screams Girl Power
...Read full review


Margot Robbie playing Harley Quinn was the best thing about Suicide Squad do it`s no wonder that she got a standalone film after that.
...Read full review
