This movie should've been called, "Harley Quinn and the birds of prey" or "Harley Quinn and ... (insert any name here)" because this is not a team based movie at all, it mainly focus on the character of Harley Quinn - sadly not in a meaningful way - and her fight against what can be described as a faded image of Black Mask.I'm OK with making a movie far off the original animations and comic books in what seems to be a shadowed completely different characters who only share their names from the original adaptation but even considering this fact in this movie it's still considered a huge let down on all aspects, from the shallow silly plot to the corny acting by everyone specially "Margot" and the the sexual orientation twists that turns almost every lead male and female character into either bisexual or gay while leaving the rest of the minor male characters to look like jerks which is no more than a sad attempt for female empowerment movie, not to mention the too much colorful scenes and cheesy directing throughout the whole mess.There are many huge missed opportunities here that could've turned this into an amazing piece of art, I believe it was deliberately missed by the childlike script and performance by all adding the all over the place sets decorations and directing.I understand that a Harley movie must be colorful and chaotic but there's a huge difference between artistic anarchy and this mess which feels it was directed by a crazy extravagant fashion designer! The movie had its very few moments though, for example the fight scene in the evidence room which I believe is considered the level that the whole movie should've been developed upon or even darker! not too girly and childish like this one.Harley Quinn is a very dangerous character, sometimes even sometimes more crazy and sadistic than the joker, an unstable yet funny lady in a dark way and what was represented in this film had nothing to do with Harley's character, I don't think this movie will be enjoyed by most fans of Harley Quinn or DC generally, I for one sure didn't enjoy it this much, my opinion is this, "Margot" will never be a true to heart Harley Quinn... she doesn't look the same, she doesn't feel the same and sure as hell doesn't sound the same.Just like people admired "Jack Nicholson" for being the Joker, No one knew back then that there will be "Heath Ledger" and "Joaquin Phoenix" to rule the role on their own way and the same goes for Harley, I believe nerds drool over "Margot" because they didn't see any better versions yet and I'm sure if the role was given to someone else who is close to the original Harley it'll dazzle everyone. I recommend if DC decided to use "Margot" again at least ask her to go learn from "Arleen Sorkin" how to say "Puddin" or "Mr. J" properly and for f's sake just give her a bigger adult oversized mallet for some wild skull crushing instead of that childish toy she had to hit people with!






They were most likely warner bross bots trying to pull this garbage by ears from pits of low-scoresAbout 10.000 watchers (not counting lunatics/bots with 10/9 stars) though this movie is good or very good.Makes me wonder. Do people REALLY think this is good? or is this some kind of leming rush combined with lack of proper sense?This movie preys on all people affected by the twisted feminist ideology.It's just bad.






I was one of the many fans of Margot Robbie who was wowed by her initial performance as Harley Quinn and looked with anticipation for the character's return. I never imagined the pathetic sequel that has been released. EVERYTHING IS TERRIBLE! The Director and the Scriptwriter who created this stink bomb should be banished from Hollywood and Margot should have held out for a better script instead of accepting her payday. Very disappointing.






I like women. I like equality.
I don't like idiotic political agendas like "all women good - all men bad".
Besides that, the whole feels cheap and stupid. Margot is an excellent actor so I think this was a missed opportunity to make something cool. They should have learned from the Joker.






Target demographic (12-17 year old girls)Movies rating (R18+)Whoever thought this was a good idea definitely needs to reconsider. Your own audience couldn't see it.It's easily the worst of the 8 DC films to date. You want female empowerment watch Wonder Woman.






It's your regular feminist anti male propaganda. That is literally a spoiler. Don't waste yoru money on this crap. Wait a minute .... you didn't. It bombed.
What a joke of a movie. Boring slow dull and the plot is daft jumps from one scene to another with no interest. How can any critic that's says this is good be genuine cause there no way they are.






This movie was awful. It's a jumbled mess of missed jokes and shoving girl power and "men are evil' down your throat. There isn't one male in this entire movie that isn't some kind of evil misogynist caricature.You can raise women up without doing that. GOOD movies about strong females make good money because people enjoy them, men as well. But when you go the route of wokeness from the promotion to the actual film, you're going to suffer at the box office....then blame the people you're alienating. It's a clown show.Who is this movie aimed at? Most of the woke crowd don't really want to see it, you alienate your biggest audience and then complain that they don't want to go see it? Make good movies instead of using them to inject your agenda into entertainment.Maybe if they keep losing money they will learn...probably not.The best things about this movie was a CGI Hyena and MEW.






Women beating the **** of evil men for almost 2 hours. If you interested in that concept then this movie is for you.There was no joke in this movie.. none. That alone is an achivement i guess. Creating a movie about one of the funniest DC characters and nobody laughed not even once.Harley was ok, a bit crazy and that's all the positives i can say about this garbage.It felt like a female deadpool wannabe movie but without even a well wrtitten story or good fight scenes, or humor and or a single interesting character to be honest except Harley...
Yep, even black mask was garbage.
Train wreck of a movie. Robbie looked like she was trying to be an extra in My Name Is Earl. Seriously, Jamie Presley would have done a way better job. The only thing that was ok about this film was the soundtrack. Best way to describe this movie would be mix Deadpool, Boondocks Saints, Suicide Squad and Charlie's angels together, mix in some really really bad acting and you get this gem






Before we saw this movie, my son told me that there were lots of 1/10 reviews on IMDb from people who hadn't even seen the film. Well, here's a 1/10 review from someone who has.Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn reminds me a lot of Lori Petty in Tank Girl (1995), another comic book film that really ground my gears. Like Petty's character, every quirky mannerism and snarky comment by Harley got right on my tits, as did her horrible fashion sense. In addition to Robbie's diabolical performance, we get equally obnoxious turns from Rosie Perez as a tough cop, Ella Jay Basco as an annoying pick-pocket, and Ewan McGregor as camp crime boss Roman Sionis, plus an absolutely pointless tribute to Marilyn Monroe, lots of dumb, supposedly amusing captions, a tiresome self-aware voice-over, and a horrible CGI hyena.Director Cathy Yan (who?), working from a charmless script by Christina Hodson, is unable to do anything interesting with the admittedly wafer-thin plot, which can be boiled down to just a handful of words: "everyone is looking for a diamond".A muddled, noisy, gaudy mess, full of poorly constructed action scenes and goofy humour that falls flat on its face, Birds of Prey is possibly the worst film I have seen at the cinema in recent months. And I saw Cats and Bombshell (another Margot Robbie disaster).






The plot is so simple that everything that happens, happens for the sake of the plot.Nothing is interestingNothing is newNothing is creativeEven the action is dull and boringThe acting could not save the boredom of this movie !!!






Straight comparison to suicide squad : this movie's total mess..Horrible script, lack of characters development even there are some attempts yet miserably failed, wasted main villain potential, and so on..Now Wonder Woman 1984 has a tough burden to redeem this junk.






Margot Robbie is pretty awesome as Harley Quinn however even with that, this movie is one step up from unwatchable. The plot is all over the place, the dialogue is horrible, the characters other than Harley Quinn are inconsequential, and basically the producers are just spitting in the eye of anybody who has been a fan of the comics. There were a couple good laughs and a couple good fight scenes but otherwise this really was nothing but a loud, garish Suicide Squad spin-off. I'd be all for a real DC Birds of Prey movie, but this film should not even have had that name in the title.






Some of the action scenes were okay. Nothing special I was really hoping to see something worth watching. This is quite a disappointment. A lot of hype as usual What can I say? I'm just hoping when Venom comes out. I'll have something to enjoy. I don't recommend of this one.






While Margot Robbie is a good Harley Quinn, the character was not given enough arc. The plot was predictable and mainstream, especially due to lack of a strong antagonist. The main antagonist, played by Ewan McGregor, was not developed and hence did not add significant value to the plot story. Although some of the fight scenes were entertaining, the film as a whole was truly forgettable.






If you like Suicide Squad, this is for you. If not, this is a hard pass. Don't even bother.The good:
Harley Quinn is perfectPerformances are goodit's visually pleasingThe bad:
For being R-rated, the violence feels neuterednot comic accurate at the least, infact it's a huge "f u" to the comicsit's not original, it's just a gender-bent version of Deadpool 2The ending isn't deservedThe story is bland, sloppy, and allover the placeCostumes looked cheap






This could have been such a good movie! The movie took a few steps too many into the woke space. While some of the elements fit in well with the theme, it becomes tiring if the same message is constantly being repeated over and over and over. It simply spoils the movie






Add another Box Office Bomb to the long list of Feminist Man Hating Duds. As a woman I have the right to call out This Woketards. We dont want reboots,reduxs, gender swap, man hating movies. We want more movies like Salt, Original Aliens, Original Terminator, Resident Evil, Silence of The Lambs, and other movies that provide a strong female lead or character who ist trying the be a FemiNazi. Is it that hard. No wonder why people are turning against the lame movies being put out. I hope Hollywood continues to Go Woke, cause the will be Broke soon.Another Review From A
Proud Woman of Color.






Highly disappointing! Margot Robbie in my opinion wasn't at her best as before. Her voice work seemed off & body language seemed restricted & constrained. I felt I got what the director & writer had in their imagination, but it wasn't what came out. The BEST THING about this movie was Mary Elizabeth Winstead's appearance and performance. Evan McGregor was flawless too. Other than them, it felt like every character was under utilized. Most scenes were either hurried or trimmed abruptly. Music at some places was really good and really boring at others. Imo, the points where music was very good needed to be louder. Action didn't excite too much and the props used for that seemed to come out of nowhere. This team had tremendous potential if the story could have been told differently and action scenes were tweaked at some places. With some more inter character tension, this could have been a blockbuster. Hate to say this, but highly disappointing.






If u want to watch a really bad movie, I recommend this movie.






I haven't walked out of a film in 30 years, until tonight. About 45 minutes was all I could take. There literally wasn't a single scene that wasn't absolutely stupid in every way.I just there squirming, feeling so embarrassed for Margo. Please do not waste your money on this awful film.






I'll just go straight for it, if you're going to downvote this review for defending a genuinely entertaining violent film, i get that. Literally just WATCH THE MOVIE! This movie is anything but a "men are trash" movie. It's a fun flick about a heist where it's all knives at eachothers throats. Genuinely formulaic at times, sure, but that's practically a given for these types of films! Margot Robbie gave a fantastic performance as the Quinn herself, and the side characters had their moments as well! Gotta give a FAT shoutout to McGregor for his role. He brought just as much flame and fire as Margot gave her role. Go ahead and do yourself a favor. This is a good ass time to watch!






Birds of Prey: and the Fantabulous Emancipation of one Harley Quinn, is a movie I had high hopes for but it fell flat. I will start off this review with the positive aspects first such as: Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn was a great casting and continues to be where I think she gives a better performance then her one in Suicide Squad, and Ewan Mcgregor plays a decent version of Black Mask. The use of colours and costumes I thought were great and I found some moments of entertainment through some of its action sequences.However, This film has a lot of problems, most of the performances in this film are very shoddy, especially from Rosie Perez who is a walking cliche' as Renee Montoya (and I know that's what they were going for but it just doesn't work}, and Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Huntress who gives us some very cringey at times acting, and I think some of this has something to do with the screenplay which I also think is average at best. The humour that they're going for doesn't work at all I chuckled maybe once, and it was the same for my theatre. They also butchered Victor Zsasz which I found extremely disappointing as I was looking forward to his inclusion in the DCEU, the way he was portrayed was nothing like how he is in the comics and it seems like he is just trying to be some knock off version of the Joker. Also why is the film titled Birds of Prey? This is a Harley Quinn Movie, just like the trailers the Birds of Prey are barely in it and when they were they had small glimpses of being cool characters but for the most part they were some of the most cliched early 2000's era superhero characters I have seen since that era.Overall, I found Birds of Prey to be a disappointment I came into this film very optimistic but got let down, due to the fact that this films writing was just plain bad. If Margot Robbie's and Ewan Mcgregor's performances weren't as great as what they were with the nice compliments of the characters costumes it would have been completely boring and cliched garbage.






With badly driven character arcs and nonexistent plot, "Birds of Prey" is a directionless mess. Instead of showing you a fun and interesting story, they would rather talk you through expository dialogue and narration. Beneath this pile of wasted potential is a sadly missed opportunity for an interesting story about some of DC's most interesting characters. The most compelling part of the movie for me was Hunteress, who had less screen time than an adolescent pick-pocket. But the best part of the film isn't even about the film, but the critics response. Even the top critics, whose job it is to judge movies by their story and characters, say that the fighting was so cool that it makes it a good movie. So then, why isn't Green Lantern considered a good movie? Man of Steel? Suicide Squad? These "critics" are either to dumb to realize an awful movie when they see one, or they're afraid to criticize movies because of the backlash they might get.In conclusion: Don't make the same mistake I did and waste your hard earned money on this two hour long mood swing.






The acting was good, most of the actors gave it their all, but the film was just so UGLY. Gave me a headache just looking at it. Also the dialogue was so cringe worthy. It wanted to sound and look edgy, but ended up being a complete mess of a film. Feel sorry for a character with such a strong fan base.






If you are not driven by the imperative need of understanding precisely what is happening in your movie, you might enjoy this psychedelic mix of disjointed cool visuals, great music, firecrackers, fragments of good acting...
Birds Of Prey is a mess presented in a messy way, it hardly holds together as a story but it offers moments of fun.






Terrible movie. Another chance for Hollywood Liberals to charge you money to sit in front of their movie and be brain washed. Not worth seeing. Save your money for a real story told well and without the feminist hue to it.






What an absolute waste of money w the stupidest script. Of all the talented writers that must be out there - why would you choose to produce an obviously idiotic story like this ?? I just don't get it. You have this chance of putting something out there of value - all this sweet Hollywood money and this is the best you can come up with ?? Really ??






Big Margot Robbie fan and was super pumped for this film yet It was easily the worst movie I've seen in years. Editing was all over the place, every joke fell flat, dialog was cringe, and some terrible acting by the cop lady and the young Asian girl. The high end visuals ewan's job as black mask were the loan positives in this disaster.






A dud from Warner Bros. The best thing about suicide squad was Robbie's performance but this vehicle is a disservice to the potential that was there. Robbie does her best but the direction, script and editing are not at the requisite level. An interesting character poorly treated by a very lacklustre script. Disappointing.






Birds of PreyI must say I was really bored from the start.What was good,The action sequences were well planned.The stylingWhat was badA paper thin story about of really empty violent criminal that derived pleasure from hurting people. Why is this entertaining.The same scenes kept repeating and repeating it was beyond predictable.Just no character development and some strange pc nod to girl power.I really don't see why this movie was made at all and who was the target audience.






It's trying to be a Deadpool movie but it failed Miserably. There are some good action sequences but overall they are nothing like the Birds of Prey. For being a comic book movie it definitely fails. It's a messy movie overall.






Suggestion, when doing a comic book film using beloved characters make sure to land those characters. You can deconstruct them all you like, but if the heart isn't there you get this instead of "the joker".There is no Birds of prey, at least none recognizable from their source material counterparts. Robbie is not Harley, her 90's trashy grunge gender studies cousin maybe, but not Harley. When a cartoon does better than a multi-million dollar film, you've failed.Over the top man hating new wave feminism and alphabet "representation" for no reason. Action is not believable. Writing is atrocious. Editing is frenetic.If you hated Suicide squad, welcome to its jealous over achieving sister.






In case Hollywood execs have been hiding under a rock for the past few years, movies that come off as blockbusters, but are just there to shove an agenda down the viewers throats, are always a huge flop. Going all the way back to 2016 with the female Ghostbusters, then the all female Oceans 8, then moving in to Force Awakens and the awful Last Jedi and Rise if Skywalker. These failures insist they are good, and should be watched and praised by everyone simply because the cast is female. The cast and crew refuse to accept how bad their movies are, and insist on its success, despite opinions from anyone who's seen them and disagree. Those of whom are simply labeled women-hating trolls.Birds of Prey is no different. While Kathleen Kennedy is insisting on a female director for the next Star Wars film, as this film had, her sexist persona should be taught that gender, race, political identity and religion should have no say in how the movie is going to perform. Movies are rated by quality, plain and simple. If you have a good script, good acting, good directing, good producing and good editing, the movie will always do well. None of which can be found in Birds of Prey, let alone pretty much all female led films lately.While Hollywood and the left are insisting on pushing straight, strong male leads out of the way in order to push their narrative of strong females, they in turn, sacrifice their films. In other words, they're simply cutting off their noses to spite their face.When is Hollywood going to learn that these movies do not embrace strong females, nor make successful films. They ruin them. If you want to see strong female lead characters in movies, go watch Aliens, Terminator 2 and Underworld. Those were good movies, with very likeable and admiral female leads, that didn't shove their narrative all in your face.Birds of Prey is another strong female film failure, with awful acting and non-believable characters. The film, as so many others have done, purposefully make the male characters weak and stupid simply to embolden the females. The story is a joke and the dialogue is horrible.Hollywood, please stop giving SJWs the reins to how movies should be. They don't make money, and they're constant failures, and the country is suck of them.
Just got out of a 6pm showing Thursday night. Overall disappointing, all the jokes fell flat except 2 where the majority of the audience laughed. The fights are all slow mo where the guy flips, seriously they overdid it. It was just bland. They screwed up Huntress as little as she was in it, they made her a "bro" kinda dimwit.It was just overall bland. I think it'll make money because they're hardcore pushing the girl power all men are bad in the movie but they dropped the ball. OG Suicide Squad is better and that's saying something.






Sorry i went to cinema to watch. Very few good fight scenes. The girls had no chemistry and was awkward. The story telling was a bit annoying.






First part of the BoP, that feels like 2/3 of the movie, is just bunch of character introduction, flashbacks, retelling stories. The antagonist is lame and boring. Action scene isn't exciting, full of slow-mo scenes, Harley just spins too much it seems unnecessary. Dinah's scream is just out of nowhere.
Within just 3 minutes I hated this film. The highpitched voice of Margot Robbie (like Mickey Mouse) just constantly annoying, extreme violence without any need (faces of victims were cut off, leg bones broken by jumping on them etc. - all of that also within just the first 5 minutes of the flick), vomiting, snot, peeing ... it was as if the producers tried to 'shock', annoy and put off the viewers with as many cliches and generally annoying/disgusting/dehumanizing scenes possible. I asked my friends how they like the film - general shaking of heads. We decided that our time is too valuable to watch this crap, gave it 10 minutes more but than left.This is what I call thievery of time and money. Horrible.






I wanted to enjoy this movie, but I couldn't. Bad screenplay, bad CGI and... no story. Waste of money and time at the cinema.






Wow ! Harley was the only solid character in the whole movie and 80% of the movie was her explaining who everyone else was because they made a total $×&t show of the rest of them! Every other character was a complete 180 off the source material (Harley isn't perfect either but at least the accent was there this time) and a 1000% worse... I'm so glad I didn't pay to see this, a friend paid because I refused to go and I was right to. Whoever wrote this deserves to burn, It was at least an actual story unlike Joker.
I hope the new suicide squad is better(it should be due to James Gunn) The least they could have done was make an actual Birds of Prey using the real characters and give Harley Quin her own movie...DC movies are just garbage(aside from Aquaman and Wonder woman) it was bad just avoid it.
I actually paused Winter Soldier to go be offended for an hour and 40 min....DC needs to stick to television and animation and leave the movie business to Marvel.
On that same note tho Marvel TV isn't so good so no I'm not just saying this because I'm a marvel only fan, Batman is My favorite comic character aside from the punisher so yes I wanted to cry when they cast the new Shatman which is what they should call it....Now I'm gonna go cry myself to sleep.






The action scenes weren't complimented by the cinematography, all the characters were very one-sided, there were many small plot holes and generally the violence was really meh. The movie tried many times to be funny and a few times managed it, although without being too cringy the rest of the times. I don't want to hate the movie but it's not that enjoyable to have a good time.






There are two ways to look at the film - as a stand alone film or as a Harley Quinn film.Getting the latter out of the way, it's not a Harley Quinn film, nor is the awful Suicide Squad. This is a character loosely based on one of the most liked characters in DC comics. But that's not an issue as I don't believe it's meant to be the same character.As a stand alone film, it's ok. It's trying very hard to be Deadpool in many parts and falls flat at that.
It's also not all that fun though it tries desperately hard to be "fun" with the colours and sounds and attempted jokes throughout which in a lot of scenes back fires. Ewan McGregor is also not all that great in the film, it's hard to understand his motive, he seems to have a different motive in every scene.Warner Brothers has completely wasted their own properties with DC Films really, if they make a sequel to this how does it fit with Suicide Squad? Why would they make a sequel to either, the audiences didn't walk out screaming for more, nor or either memorable. Add this to the long list of poor, disconnected DC films, it's a mess.
The saving grace is Wonder Woman which is amazing and deserves better from WB.






There is a "car chase" at about 25mph, a fight in a bouncy castle baseball bats v guns/knives. Disjointed narrative, McGregor is about as intimidating as cornflakes. It doesn't know who it's audience is. Mercifully short.






Suicide Squad was a terrible movie, pitiful actually. So why would we watch or like this? Just because people saw suicide squad doesnt mean it was good or that they liked it. This movie looks like a pile of rainbow sherbet, the color scheme alone will repel viewers and the costumes are unrecognizable. I wont get into the feminist aspect because im not allowed...






Margot is excellent as Harley Quinn and charming. But for me the film cannot be sustained. And the new characters in the plot didn't interest me. A cliché film, a noisy soundtrack that doesn't fit with the scenes and a plot with nothing to unfold. Some moments even sounds similar to the second Deadpool movie






Another feminist but poorly focused film, which aims to give a message of empowerment by putting all men as unscrupulous bad guys who want to hurt very angry women with no sense of humor, and with the power to beat them up. The same happened with the last version of Charlie's Angeles, but at least there was a more interesting plot and more twists in it.
I believe that the opportunity to create a film that really conveyed the message to young women that feminism is not to be against men, but to seek equal opportunities, was lost. And I emphasize "young women" because for me this film must have been made with teenagers in mind, because it is not only lost in giving radical messages, but in the constant use of the f* word, that evidences more the bad script, as well as in cruel violence that is unnecessary. And also it is a boring movie, which fails to catch me as audience and itself believes to be more important than it is. I don't know why Ewan McGregor's work has been praised, if all he does is interpret the bad bad guy. In fact, his character, like the other Birds of Prey that are not Harley Quinn, has no development and is a stereotype.
At least towards the end there is a good action scene in a car, and Margot Robbie is nice, but too bad she is at the service of such a mediocre film.






Margo was AMAZING as Harley! Lit up the screen and impeccable acting, the fight scene were unique and well shot. The rest... BORING! I would much rather have seen a plot about Harley's transformation or her and the jokers relationship... But a girl power movie is just boring! The whole thing was centered around beating up bad guys and how you don't need a man. Just boring in the end... Go woke go broke I guess! It's just sad because the movie was really well done and could've been so fun and awesome but it just had a terrible plot!






Women against men, men are evil, women, the good, wins.
But thats the only thing positive i can say about this
Looks like dc needed easy money so they used every graphic fught scene they could, included visual effects from dance movies
No storyline whatsoever
I almost fell asleep in the cinema
Not comparable to well known dc movies like wonderwoman, joker, batman, suicide squad etc
Its really bad






Horrible concept, horrible idea to make a movie based on a character that is annoying as hell and no one cares about. This version of Harley is enough to make me not care to sit through the whole movie. DC making another horrible idea to go through with making this movie. Won't even break even money wise unless they go right to DVD.
I absolutely loved it! Very much like a female-led Deadpool vibe. Fantastic!
I loved it, personally. It wasn't the classic "Comic Book Movie" so much as a Comic Book AS a movie and it did it with STYLE!

Go see it!
It was a Little predictable, but still entertaining
It was a fun, action packed movie that kept me entertained throughout. The actresses kicked butt in this stand alone.
It’s a good movie a must watch wish there was more criminal violence from Harley.
I honestly loved this movie.  It was so entertaining and I enjoyed the heck out of it!
It was a BADASS MOVIE just like every other movie DC makes. Not just focusing on one character but making new ones on the way. I'm really joping Birds of Prey get their own film!! 🥰
Uninspired, constant hand to hand combat, coupled with Margot Robbies fake NY accent wears thin after a 1/2 hour (especially when theres no MR nude scenes!) It wasnt horrible but it WAS utterly forgettable.
Great girl-power movie that retains the adorable character of Harley Quinn (played by Margot Robbie) established in Suicide Squat.  And there is a fantastic sound track as well.
Honestly, I thought except for Margret Robbie, the cast wasn't exactly good. But after watching the movie, I realize how horribly wrong I was. Acting was really good, and the way the story progressed was great in my opinion.


An absolute joyride of a movie! Delivers on what it promises without goin' overboard on feminism. Margot as Harley is SPECTACULAR! Overall a must watch! ♥️♥️♥️



dc is back in action after the release of aquaman. hope they continue this flow and yeah RELEASE THE SNYDERCUT
because Snyder is man with great vision
well that's harlequin for you !! it's a must watch movie ,it's crazy and badass !!!

Margot Robbie`s Suicide Squad spin-off makes genuine attempts to push cinematic boundaries.
...Read full review


Margot Robbie playing Harley Quinn was the best thing about Suicide Squad do it`s no wonder that she got a standalone film after that.
...Read full review


A sprightly superhero film.
...Read full review


A Wild and Wicked Delight
...Read full review


"Birds Of Prey" is a vibrant, cheeky and stylised team-up of DC Comics` female anti-heroes,which is designed as a satire to show the position of women in the comic book universe.
...Read full review


Loony Femme Superhero Engagement
...Read full review


Charismatic Margot Robbie Gives Harley Quinn Her Wings
...Read full review


Margot Robbie`s film sees Harley Quinn emancipated from Joker in `fantabulous` fashion
...Read full review


Harley Quinn`s Film Screams Girl Power
...Read full review


Margot Robbie playing Harley Quinn was the best thing about Suicide Squad do it`s no wonder that she got a standalone film after that.
...Read full review

