The movie title is "Birds of Prey and the Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn" but I believe it should've been called, "Harley Quinn and the birds of prey" or "Harley Quinn and ... (insert any name here)" because this is not a team based movie at all, it mainly focus on the character of Harley Quinn - sadly not in a meaningful way - and her fight against what can be described as a faded image of Black Mask.I'm OK with making a movie far off the original animations and comic books in what seems to be a shadowed completely different characters who only share their names from the original adaptation but even considering this fact in this movie it's still considered a huge let down on all aspects, from the shallow silly plot to the corny acting by everyone specially "Margot" and the the sexual orientation twists that turns almost every lead male and female character into either bisexual or gay while leaving the rest of the minor male characters to look like jerks which is no more than a sad attempt for female empowerment movie, not to mention the too much colorful scenes and cheesy directing throughout the whole mess.There are many huge missed opportunities here that could've turned this into an amazing piece of art, I believe it was deliberately missed by the childlike script and performance by all adding the all over the place sets decorations and directing.I understand that a Harley movie must be colorful and chaotic but there's a huge difference between artistic anarchy and this mess which feels it was directed by a crazy extravagant fashion designer! The movie had its very few moments though, for example the fight scene in the evidence room which I believe is considered the level that the whole movie should've been developed upon or even darker! not too girly and childish like this one.Harley Quinn is a very dangerous character, sometimes even sometimes more crazy and sadistic than the joker, an unstable yet funny lady in a dark way and what was represented in this film had nothing to do with Harley's character, I don't think this movie will be enjoyed by most fans of Harley Quinn or DC generally, I for one sure didn't enjoy it this much, my opinion is this, "Margot" will never be a true to heart Harley Quinn... she doesn't look the same, she doesn't feel the same and sure as hell doesn't sound the same.Just like people admired "Jack Nicholson" for being the Joker, No one knew back then that there will be "Heath Ledger" and "Joaquin Phoenix" to rule the role on their own way and the same goes for Harley, I believe nerds drool over "Margot" because they didn't see any better versions yet and I'm sure if the role was given to someone else who is close to the original Harley it'll dazzle everyone. I recommend if DC decided to use "Margot" again at least ask her to go learn from "Arleen Sorkin" how to say "Puddin" or "Mr. J" properly and for f's sake just give her a bigger adult oversized mallet for some wild skull crushing instead of that childish toy she had to hit people with!






Target demographic (12-17 year old girls)Movies rating (R18+)Whoever thought this was a good idea definitely needs to reconsider. Your own audience couldn't see it.It's easily the worst of the 8 DC films to date. You want female empowerment watch Wonder Woman.






It's your regular feminist anti male propaganda. That is literally a spoiler. Don't waste yoru money on this crap. Wait a minute .... you didn't. It bombed.
I like women. I like equality.
I don't like idiotic political agendas like "all women good - all men bad".
Besides that, the whole feels cheap and stupid. Margot is an excellent actor so I think this was a missed opportunity to make something cool. They should have learned from the Joker.






They were most likely warner bross bots trying to pull this garbage by ears from pits of low-scoresAbout 10.000 watchers (not counting lunatics/bots with 10/9 stars) though this movie is good or very good.Makes me wonder. Do people REALLY think this is good? or is this some kind of leming rush combined with lack of proper sense?This movie preys on all people affected by the twisted feminist ideology.It's just bad.






I was one of the many fans of Margot Robbie who was wowed by her initial performance as Harley Quinn and looked with anticipation for the character's return. I never imagined the pathetic sequel that has been released. EVERYTHING IS TERRIBLE! The Director and the Scriptwriter who created this stink bomb should be banished from Hollywood and Margot should have held out for a better script instead of accepting her payday. Very disappointing.






This movie was awful. It's a jumbled mess of missed jokes and shoving girl power and "men are evil' down your throat. There isn't one male in this entire movie that isn't some kind of evil misogynist caricature.You can raise women up without doing that. GOOD movies about strong females make good money because people enjoy them, men as well. But when you go the route of wokeness from the promotion to the actual film, you're going to suffer at the box office....then blame the people you're alienating. It's a clown show.Who is this movie aimed at? Most of the woke crowd don't really want to see it, you alienate your biggest audience and then complain that they don't want to go see it? Make good movies instead of using them to inject your agenda into entertainment.Maybe if they keep losing money they will learn...probably not.The best things about this movie was a CGI Hyena and MEW.






Women beating the **** of evil men for almost 2 hours. If you interested in that concept then this movie is for you.There was no joke in this movie.. none. That alone is an achivement i guess. Creating a movie about one of the funniest DC characters and nobody laughed not even once.Harley was ok, a bit crazy and that's all the positives i can say about this garbage.It felt like a female deadpool wannabe movie but without even a well wrtitten story or good fight scenes, or humor and or a single interesting character to be honest except Harley...
Yep, even black mask was garbage.
What a joke of a movie. Boring slow dull and the plot is daft jumps from one scene to another with no interest. How can any critic that's says this is good be genuine cause there no way they are.






Straight comparison to suicide squad : this movie's total mess..Horrible script, lack of characters development even there are some attempts yet miserably failed, wasted main villain potential, and so on..Now Wonder Woman 1984 has a tough burden to redeem this junk.






Margot Robbie is pretty awesome as Harley Quinn however even with that, this movie is one step up from unwatchable. The plot is all over the place, the dialogue is horrible, the characters other than Harley Quinn are inconsequential, and basically the producers are just spitting in the eye of anybody who has been a fan of the comics. There were a couple good laughs and a couple good fight scenes but otherwise this really was nothing but a loud, garish Suicide Squad spin-off. I'd be all for a real DC Birds of Prey movie, but this film should not even have had that name in the title.






The plot is so simple that everything that happens, happens for the sake of the plot.Nothing is interestingNothing is newNothing is creativeEven the action is dull and boringThe acting could not save the boredom of this movie !!!






Before we saw this movie, my son told me that there were lots of 1/10 reviews on IMDb from people who hadn't even seen the film. Well, here's a 1/10 review from someone who has.Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn reminds me a lot of Lori Petty in Tank Girl (1995), another comic book film that really ground my gears. Like Petty's character, every quirky mannerism and snarky comment by Harley got right on my tits, as did her horrible fashion sense. In addition to Robbie's diabolical performance, we get equally obnoxious turns from Rosie Perez as a tough cop, Ella Jay Basco as an annoying pick-pocket, and Ewan McGregor as camp crime boss Roman Sionis, plus an absolutely pointless tribute to Marilyn Monroe, lots of dumb, supposedly amusing captions, a tiresome self-aware voice-over, and a horrible CGI hyena.Director Cathy Yan (who?), working from a charmless script by Christina Hodson, is unable to do anything interesting with the admittedly wafer-thin plot, which can be boiled down to just a handful of words: "everyone is looking for a diamond".A muddled, noisy, gaudy mess, full of poorly constructed action scenes and goofy humour that falls flat on its face, Birds of Prey is possibly the worst film I have seen at the cinema in recent months. And I saw Cats and Bombshell (another Margot Robbie disaster).






Train wreck of a movie. Robbie looked like she was trying to be an extra in My Name Is Earl. Seriously, Jamie Presley would have done a way better job. The only thing that was ok about this film was the soundtrack. Best way to describe this movie would be mix Deadpool, Boondocks Saints, Suicide Squad and Charlie's angels together, mix in some really really bad acting and you get this gem






Some of the action scenes were okay. Nothing special I was really hoping to see something worth watching. This is quite a disappointment. A lot of hype as usual What can I say? I'm just hoping when Venom comes out. I'll have something to enjoy. I don't recommend of this one.






Highly disappointing! Margot Robbie in my opinion wasn't at her best as before. Her voice work seemed off & body language seemed restricted & constrained. I felt I got what the director & writer had in their imagination, but it wasn't what came out. The BEST THING about this movie was Mary Elizabeth Winstead's appearance and performance. Evan McGregor was flawless too. Other than them, it felt like every character was under utilized. Most scenes were either hurried or trimmed abruptly. Music at some places was really good and really boring at others. Imo, the points where music was very good needed to be louder. Action didn't excite too much and the props used for that seemed to come out of nowhere. This team had tremendous potential if the story could have been told differently and action scenes were tweaked at some places. With some more inter character tension, this could have been a blockbuster. Hate to say this, but highly disappointing.






If you like Suicide Squad, this is for you. If not, this is a hard pass. Don't even bother.The good:
Harley Quinn is perfectPerformances are goodit's visually pleasingThe bad:
For being R-rated, the violence feels neuterednot comic accurate at the least, infact it's a huge "f u" to the comicsit's not original, it's just a gender-bent version of Deadpool 2The ending isn't deservedThe story is bland, sloppy, and allover the placeCostumes looked cheap






While Margot Robbie is a good Harley Quinn, the character was not given enough arc. The plot was predictable and mainstream, especially due to lack of a strong antagonist. The main antagonist, played by Ewan McGregor, was not developed and hence did not add significant value to the plot story. Although some of the fight scenes were entertaining, the film as a whole was truly forgettable.






This could have been such a good movie! The movie took a few steps too many into the woke space. While some of the elements fit in well with the theme, it becomes tiring if the same message is constantly being repeated over and over and over. It simply spoils the movie






Add another Box Office Bomb to the long list of Feminist Man Hating Duds. As a woman I have the right to call out This Woketards. We dont want reboots,reduxs, gender swap, man hating movies. We want more movies like Salt, Original Aliens, Original Terminator, Resident Evil, Silence of The Lambs, and other movies that provide a strong female lead or character who ist trying the be a FemiNazi. Is it that hard. No wonder why people are turning against the lame movies being put out. I hope Hollywood continues to Go Woke, cause the will be Broke soon.Another Review From A
Proud Woman of Color.






The acting was good, most of the actors gave it their all, but the film was just so UGLY. Gave me a headache just looking at it. Also the dialogue was so cringe worthy. It wanted to sound and look edgy, but ended up being a complete mess of a film. Feel sorry for a character with such a strong fan base.






Terrible movie. Another chance for Hollywood Liberals to charge you money to sit in front of their movie and be brain washed. Not worth seeing. Save your money for a real story told well and without the feminist hue to it.






Big Margot Robbie fan and was super pumped for this film yet It was easily the worst movie I've seen in years. Editing was all over the place, every joke fell flat, dialog was cringe, and some terrible acting by the cop lady and the young Asian girl. The high end visuals ewan's job as black mask were the loan positives in this disaster.






If u want to watch a really bad movie, I recommend this movie.






Birds of Prey: and the Fantabulous Emancipation of one Harley Quinn, is a movie I had high hopes for but it fell flat. I will start off this review with the positive aspects first such as: Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn was a great casting and continues to be where I think she gives a better performance then her one in Suicide Squad, and Ewan Mcgregor plays a decent version of Black Mask. The use of colours and costumes I thought were great and I found some moments of entertainment through some of its action sequences.However, This film has a lot of problems, most of the performances in this film are very shoddy, especially from Rosie Perez who is a walking cliche' as Renee Montoya (and I know that's what they were going for but it just doesn't work}, and Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Huntress who gives us some very cringey at times acting, and I think some of this has something to do with the screenplay which I also think is average at best. The humour that they're going for doesn't work at all I chuckled maybe once, and it was the same for my theatre. They also butchered Victor Zsasz which I found extremely disappointing as I was looking forward to his inclusion in the DCEU, the way he was portrayed was nothing like how he is in the comics and it seems like he is just trying to be some knock off version of the Joker. Also why is the film titled Birds of Prey? This is a Harley Quinn Movie, just like the trailers the Birds of Prey are barely in it and when they were they had small glimpses of being cool characters but for the most part they were some of the most cliched early 2000's era superhero characters I have seen since that era.Overall, I found Birds of Prey to be a disappointment I came into this film very optimistic but got let down, due to the fact that this films writing was just plain bad. If Margot Robbie's and Ewan Mcgregor's performances weren't as great as what they were with the nice compliments of the characters costumes it would have been completely boring and cliched garbage.






Its actually tons of fun, dirty and violent. Exaclty what i expected from a good Harly Queen history and what ai want from DC movies, a diferent flavor from the Marvel movies.
A Truly fun film to watch. Yes there are some similarities to John Wick Chapter 3 in the fighting scenes. I enjoyed it very much. I recommend it.
I had hoped that this would be a good movie, but it was actually one of the worst movies I've seen this year.
É um insulto a inteligencia do espectador
Loud, disjointed (1 against10 but no guns and attack one at a time)
Not a good movie, felt asleep
Poor character development, no reason for anything barely, annoying and dull. Loved the cast, hated the writing
It was painful to watch, I did not enjoy the cast nor did I care for all the F- Bombs , this movie should of been written as a PG-13
The plot was all over the place, but at least it was a action packed DC movie.
Me parece una pelicula ineecesaria, ademas de no respetar ciertas cosas del personaje
Honestly, I thought except for Margret Robbie, the cast wasn't exactly good. But after watching the movie, I realize how horribly wrong I was. Acting was really good, and the way the story progressed was great in my opinion.


An absolute joyride of a movie! Delivers on what it promises without goin' overboard on feminism. Margot as Harley is SPECTACULAR! Overall a must watch! ♥️♥️♥️



dc is back in action after the release of aquaman. hope they continue this flow and yeah RELEASE THE SNYDERCUT
because Snyder is man with great vision
well that's harlequin for you !! it's a must watch movie ,it's crazy and badass !!!

Margot Robbie`s Suicide Squad spin-off makes genuine attempts to push cinematic boundaries.
...Read full review


Margot Robbie playing Harley Quinn was the best thing about Suicide Squad do it`s no wonder that she got a standalone film after that.
...Read full review


A sprightly superhero film.
...Read full review


A Wild and Wicked Delight
...Read full review


"Birds Of Prey" is a vibrant, cheeky and stylised team-up of DC Comics` female anti-heroes,which is designed as a satire to show the position of women in the comic book universe.
...Read full review


Loony Femme Superhero Engagement
...Read full review


Charismatic Margot Robbie Gives Harley Quinn Her Wings
...Read full review


Margot Robbie`s film sees Harley Quinn emancipated from Joker in `fantabulous` fashion
...Read full review


Harley Quinn`s Film Screams Girl Power
...Read full review


Margot Robbie playing Harley Quinn was the best thing about Suicide Squad do it`s no wonder that she got a standalone film after that.
...Read full review

