Hollywood's new way of combating online piracy. Make movies no one wants to watch.






My friends wanted to see this and out of pure curiosity i went with them . Now i have fewer friends. The cgi is a nightmare. The plot is non existent. And they used Taylor as a promotion tool and she appeared in the movie for like 10 minutes.
This movie reminds me of that scene from Jurassic Park where Jeff Goldblum says "You were so preoccupied with whether or not you could, you never bothered to ask if you should." This was hands down the most disturbingly awful movie I have ever seen. Whoever greenlit this should never be in charge of the light ever again. How dare they do this to me?!? Please don't go see this movie. And if you do, may God have mercy on your soul.






My own cat looks at me in shame now. This film has singlehandedly destroyed my relationship with my pet.






I've never seen a film that made me want to place my own cats up for adoption until now. Words cannot express how awful this truly was.






Cats is my absolute favorite musical. I've watched the stage production four times and the 1998 film probably over 100 times at this point. I love musicals and am a huge fan of Tom Hooper's Les Miserables. But this. This was an absolute DISGRACE.Cats is an opera, so there should not be talking. Cats is a ballet, so there should actually be dancing. Casting big names for this show was a horrible mistake when they were unable to sing and dance, in a show that is ALL about singing and dancing. Taylor Swift's cat, Bombarlarina, should be pink, not an orange tabby. She was also in like 10 min when this cat is one of the MAIN CHARACTERS. The cat Rebel Wilson plays is a TAP DANCER. This didn't happen. Old Dueteronomy is a male baritone cat (literally the FATHER OF ALL THE CATS. It says it in the song!!) Dame Judi Dench, although lovely, was the most horrid rendition of Old Deuteronomy I've ever seen. Why was Mistofelees a coward and afraid to do magic? What even happened to the choreography at the JELLICLE Ball? The song was like 2 min! This is just the tip of the iceberg. I could go on for DAYS!I know there is a lot of talk about "fixing" some of the CGI and releasing a new version, but honestly, I don't know what they expect to fix. The CGI was not the worst part. The lack of actually musical talent was, in other words, the entire movie needs to be remade with real broadway performers.I can go on and on about what was wrong with the specific cats and musical numbers, but my review would likely be more than 50 pages. I only recommend that you see this movie to have your own opinion about the horribleness. And then you can go see the national touring cast and all hope will be restored.
You must never open them though. Otherwise you will never see your cat the same way again.






Sorry to pile on, but in my 55 years I have never walked out of a movie until now. We had high hopes, we love musicals, but good lord, this was awful on every level.






There is a wall in my house. The wall is a simple wall, eight feet tall, and fifteen feet wide, it sits in a corner in the basement. It has been painted beige, with a few coats to cover up the bumps and scratches from coats before. It's got it's idiosyncrasies, the way the light jumps off the paint, the not so even drywalling underneath. Stare at it long enough, and it begins to speak to you - or at least allow you to speak to it. Maybe there's something to the wall - or maybe it's just my romantic illusions of inspiration and contemplation that bring life to it. My point is this - staring at that blank wall for two hours is far more inspiring, interesting and enlightening than watching even just two minutes of the cinematic colonoscopy that is "Cats." A film so awful, so ridiculous and so void of substance its very existence is an affront to musicals, film and theatre. Unless you're a fan of 'so bad it's good' cinema, stay away. This is a watershed moment in bad movie history.






I used to be a wholeheartedly christain mother. I then watched this movie and became an atheist. No loving god would put us on a planet with the likes of this.






Honestly I wish I was joking. Just everything was completely terrible. James Corden was cripplingly awful but that's nothing particularly surprising. Leaving the cinema I'd felt as if my soul had been sucked dry. Avoid at all cost.






I'm not a praying man, but I was praying so hard for this movie to end. From the fist minute, I knew this movie was going to be a disaster. What a waste of talented actors.






I...it just...I can't....I...I got nothing.Theatre is theatre for a reason.






In 25 years this film will have a weird cult following, and an aged James Franco will make a "meta" film about it. Until then, it will remain universally regarded as an utter shambles.






My body and soul was not ready for what I just witnessed.






This film is truely a masterpeice in unintentional horror. The effects are so special I'm going to have nightmares for weeks to come. Why they didn't just dress the actors in costumes and makeup I have no idea, either the filmmakers are lazy  or someone wanted to push the boundries of visual effects. Cats pushes those effects right off a cliff into the uncanny valley. The design and look is freakin disgusting.I never saw the stage musical, so I didn't know what I was in for. This movie that has no plot, it's just a bunch of random cats introducing themselves. I tried to enjoy it as a so-bad-it's-good cringefest, but the lack of plot and the terrible effects make it impossible.If you can't even look at the screen without feeling annoyed & disgusted, it's impossible to enjoy it in anyway.Thanks Tom Hooper.






Grabbing popcorns; not during watching this movie but during reading the reviews.






This is what Dante saw in one of his dreams. also this is traumatizing for children so if you are 22 or older go watch it.






Not entirely sure what I just witnessed but man, that was.......weird.
Went in hoping it was gonna be so bad it was good but alas it was so bad it was just plain awful. Self-indulgent & oddly even the A-list cast seemed terrible. Kids will love it no doubt, grown-ups not so much.






I cannot believe I actually payed money to watch this horrid mess. My eyes burn and my soul feels like it's being ripped out by the devil himself. Absolutely nothing including Judi Dench and Idris Elba didn't help this film from being a total piece of garbage. Almost every scene is unbearable and the ending result is one of the worst films of the decade.






Horrible movie. Can't say anything else. They failed with everything in this one. Don't waste your money on this.
Not a lot more I can add to the reviews that have already been written. The directors obviously thought that by throwing a load of A list actors at this it would somehow make up for it's short comings. James Corden was terrible (as usual).






I've got nothing against movie musicals, director Tom Hooper, or even anybody who's a part of making this film. But goodness me, Cats is an absolute monstrosity. Garish, non-sensical, boring and everything in between, it's a pompous and pointless musical that plays out with barely a redeeming feature, proving one of the most unbearable cinema experiences I've had in a very long time.While I haven't been a big fan of Hooper's work in the past, particularly Les Misérables, Cats pales in comparison to anything the director has made before, failing on all levels in its pathetic attempts to provide even a semblance of fun, magical theatre, and instead staggering along through its repetitive and frankly tedious story on its way to a terrible ending that can't come soon enough.There's nothing positive I have to say about this movie. Les Misérables, for all its faults, at least had a degree of spectacle, emotion and drama, whereas Cats is little more than an experiment gone wrong: a horrifying Frankenstein's monster that attempts to blend modern cinematic techniques with classic West End storytelling.First, the visual effects are extremely offputting. Whether it's the uncanny CGI human/cat-like figures, the inconsistent and distracting scaling and sizing issues, or even the plasticky, garish look of the whole film, Cats is a really unpleasant spectacle. And for all of the technical expertise that clearly went into pulling it off, it all feels squandered on a misguided and painfully showy movie.Next, Hooper's directing is jagged and meandering throughout. While the screenplay is hardly a work of art, Cats lacks even the slightest bit of show-stopping stage energy, symptomatic of direction that leaves the film wandering aimlessly right the way through.Hooper's visual style is uninspiring and unimaginative, the musical and dance numbers are repetitive and dull, and even the biggest, best dramatic set-pieces are completely missing any sort of real presence, instead just fading into the movie's jarringly inconsistent structure.The pacing is a massive problem throughout, as the film shirks the need for even a basic three-act structure in exchange for a horribly repetitive yet still inconsistent layout. Basically, for two hours, it goes like this: Dialogue, mini song, big musical number. Dialogue, mini song, big musical number. And repeat. Again and again and again.In that, Cats proves so boring, so predictable, and clearly so without life that it's happy to just sit and move you from one musical number to the next. A great movie musical should organically blend song and dialogue, with each complementing the other with the goal of developing the story wherever possible.Cats is so aimless and repetitive, that the pathetic excuse for a story barely seems to move at any point. Instead, it's just a vehicle for big West End musical numbers on the big screen, all built up to in jarring fashion that makes each song more awkward than the last.That story, too, is almost unbearable throughout. I won't pass judgment on the original stage show, but in the case of this film, the plot is non-sensical, the characters uninteresting, the screenplay unfocused, and the emotion painfully superficial.A little bit of fantasy is fine by me, but when a film is constantly repeating its fantasy mumbo-jumbo about cats being sent to heaven or something or other, it gives no incentive to keep watching, worsened by a total lack of character focus or even a consistent main lead.Francesca Hayward plays the young, new cat to join the tribe, so you'd think that she would be the main focus for the story. However, the movie is so distracted by trying to cram in as many A-listers and side characters as possible that the whole thing feels like an endless meet-and-greet, still introducing new characters deep into the latter stages, and not even giving a second to let Hayward's cat take centre stage.There's no story because it barely gets going. For what feels like an hour and a half, the film jumps between random characters' introductory musical numbers, and then, remembering it has to wrap things up in a two-hour window, abruptly shifts to tying up loose ends that were never really established in the first place.As a result, despite the immense acting talent on display, none of the characters are memorable, and none play even a leading role for you to connect with at any point. Alongside Hayward, there's Robbie Fairchild and Laurie Davidson, both of whom seem to be on screen enough to warrant a leading role, but neither even gets the slightest bit of attention from the screenplay.So, whenever their characters take any sort of role in the main plot, it comes across as sudden and out of left-field, a problem only caused because the movie spends so much time trying to entertain you with A-listers dressed as CGI cats. But even for all the Taylor Swift cameos in the world, it's surely not worth steamrolling simple character and narrative development.In short, Cats is an absolute atrocity. From a director with an already wobbly track record in the musical genre, this film is an utter disaster, failing to capture any sense of spectacle or fun, and instead meandering and wandering through a non-sensical, boring and predictable story that's seemingly used mostly as a platform for some big West End musical numbers and A-list cameos.There's nothing good to say about Cats, and unless you really want two hours of pain at the cinema, I suggest you stay as clear as possible.






Do not watch this under any circumstances , this movie is a dangerous to your mental and physical health






CGI mess of a movie with caterwauling "stars" in ugly costumes and abysmal dance numbers based on the hit Broadway musical.The movie is ugly to look at and is an assault on the ears with Jennifer Hudson screaming at the top of her lungs and every other "singer" shown in loving close-up as they mug through their numbers. This includes Judi Dench, Ian McKellen, James Corden, Rebel Wilson, Taylor Swift and others.Really, I thought Hudson was trying to cough up a hairball. She should have. It would have been the highlight of the film.






What the hell were they thinking? Cats is every bit as baffling, weird and truly terrifying as the ghastly trailers made this out to be in the summer. This is a purr-fect example (sorry) of a drunken mistake that should have never made it to the big screen.Whilst I appreciate the ambition, production design and stunning cinematography, the cats themselves are the stuff of nightmares, haunting in fact. To see digital fur rendered on the likes of James Corden and Judi Dench, transforming them into giant creepy kitties is a jarring distraction to the point of sheer cringe-inducing embarrassment.This film does not serve any purpose whatsoever. Arguably, it has to be one of the most pointless films to come out of 2019. And it's boring, too. This actually made me question how the Broadway and Westend versions have become so successful over the years.To say that this film will be confined to the dirty half-full litter tray of truly bad cinema is a grotesque understatement.






I can't imagine how much the actors must've been paid to have this in their resume. From Swift to Elba, JHud to Rebel Wilson. Judy Dench, even! No amount of acting talent could save this sorry excuse for a self-indulgent furry fantasy






I'm currently listening to the original sound track to try and cleanse myself of the 'film' I just saw. It was equal parts a bland tedious trudge to get through, and a confusing horrifically misjudged spectacle of disaster. The tone was all over the place. James Corden got some laughs almost purely from the way he seemed to be embarrassed to be in the picture. Jennifer Hudson's melodramatic hysterics were more cringe inducing than genuinely emotional. Sweeping epic songs are visualised in the most bland and ugly way possible.
I spent the whole film feeling frustrated at seeing a bunch of songs I like being butchered. Constantly interrupting the flow of a song to simply 'say' a line as opposed to 'singing' it isn't edgy, it's just worse.
The whole thing is so misguided that I'm sure even the on set catering was mucked up somehow.






The reviews are right this time. The cast does its job just fine. The songs and dances are well performed. It's a shame, because I feel terrible for the cast. It's not their fault. I don't think they knew what visual effects were going to be applied with CGI in post.This film is unintentionally one of the greatest horror movies ever made, worthy of recognition alongside The Exorcist. You are that uncomfortable as you sit through it.Whoever gave the final go-ahead to make the cats look the way they look does not know what cats or people look like. The characters do not look quite feline enough and do not look quite human enough. They fall into a gray area somewhere in between and we call this "the uncanny valley." This movie is more horrifying than "It: Chapter 1" if you are a coulrophobe.I would rather it were "Spiders." You would at least know what you're getting into then and I cannot stand spiders.The most nightmarish moments are after certain songs when the cats start meowing or lapping milk and water out of bowls. I felt like the Nazis at the end of "Raiders of the Lost Ark." I thought my face was going to melt off.My friends and I went to it after laughing at all the bad reviews because we wanted to make fun of it, but it's so visually horrid that it held us tight in its Uncanny Valley grip for the whole of its two hours. Who in the production department looked at the finished computer generation of the cats' appearances and said, "That looks good. Let's go with that!"?If you go, DO NOT TAKE YOUR CHILDREN. This movie will horrify them far more than anything Pennywise the Clown could come up with.






As a fan of the original cats stage production i saw the movie with the tiniest bit of hope that i would enjoy it. i have never been so wrong. the jokes weren't funny, the songs were changed awkwardly, the acting was mediocre at best and the cgi was downright terrifying.
This movie made me a dog person. I have no been so disturbed in my life.
The only thing that could have saved this movie, Was for it to have never been created to begin with.






I've always wanted to see a truly legendary terrible movie during its first theatrical run. The Room wasn't given a theatrical debut in my country, I was too young to go and see Gigli, and I didn't get to go to the Baywatch either. But now I've done it! I got to watch CG abominations vomit on Ray Winstone in a fursuit, and that made me very happy!






From the first 3 seconds of the movie, I instantly regretted my decision to give it a chance.
My only consolation is reading the reviews of others who have suffered as well.






Just hoping all those that walked out asked for their money back. Most theatres have a policy about refunding your money if you walk out and ask for refund within a certain time frame as in 30 minutes.






This may sound a bit harsh on the movie. There are a lot of big names. But this is without a doubt the worst movie I have ever seen in my entire life. There is no plot. Taylor Swift is only used as a promotion. I don't like giving bad reviews. But I have never used my life more stupidly than deciding to watch this film. Do not waste your time on it.






Wanted to see if the movie was as bad as the reviews suggest.
It was.. and more.






As a fan of the Broadway show I had high hopes for this. Now I am eternally grateful I have a dog. Who greenlit this atrocity? Total disgrace. SPOILER: this is absolute garbage.
The most entertaining part of this entire movie was reading these hilariously bad reviews. It was SO boring and hard to watch.






The recipe for a smash hit = find an all-star cast, mix in a huge budget, bring in a Lloyd-Webber masterpiece and enlist the Director who brought us the multiple award
-winning film adaptation of Les Miserables... what could possibly go wrong? Apparently literally everything.From the very freaky characteristics of the heavily CGI laden cast and sloppy green screen masking (look at their feet, just wow) to the hilariously funny moments that were 100% not supposed to be funny - this film disappoints in every way.But the best (worst) moment was definitely when Sir Ian McKellen CBE, recipient of six Laurence Olivier Awards, a Tony Award, a Golden Globe Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, a BIF Award, two Saturn Awards, four Drama Desk Awards, and two Critics' Choice Awards, turns to the camera (looking like a cat, obviously) and proceeds to say "meow" three times. This is shortly followed by him hissing at other cats and a scene where he is rubbing himself against a wooden post. Oh, and to top it all off, just picture Gandalf lapping up milk from a saucer......end of review.
I'm the sort of person who generally enjoys bad movies. Anything from 50s atomic monster films to direct-to-VHS slasher movies (dirict-to-DVD, not so much, but that's just personal taste) to sleazy exploitation movies to modern classics like The Room or Fateful Findings, I enjoy them all. Seeing that this was getting especially poor reviews, I decided to see it in order to find out if this would become a new classic. This will go down in history as one of the most painfully unwatchable movies ever released by a major studio. Imagine if someone decided to combine Foodfight, The Garbage Pail Kids Movie, and Cool Cat Saves The Kids, and then added some of the worst songs this side of Grease 2. Then imagine that this was also incredibly boring. Then you would have Cats. If you want a bad movie about people dressing like cats that's actually entertaining, just watch Cat Women On The Moon. There is absolutely no reason to watch this.






"Are we both having strokes?"
That was my girlfriend's review
Still not sure but I think my brain weighs less now






Cats is incredibly surreal. It's barely a movie, I don't know what it is.Now, don't get me wrong, it was hilarious. The wonky facial expressions, lingering songs, and downright creepy mannerisms were quite the hoot. Almost all of the audience was there to laugh at the movie. For good reason. There were two people in the theater who were taking it seriously (a young couple on a date. Oops, that's a poor choice of movies), but they turned around by the end of the "film" and started chuckling.It's so strange how a piece of media like this can exist. Despite how unwatchable it is, the movie was weirdly hypnotizing. Well, I guess we are one with the jellicles now. Whatever that means.






Worst movie ever. So bad my wife left to go shopping.






Rise of the skywalker "im the worst movie of 2019"Cats "hold my coat"






First.. I knew nothing about the Broadway play, so I wasn't expecting much. I knew there were some big songs in the movie.. and I knew this had an excellent cast. But I went in not really expecting much. Wow! When you expect a lot, you're often disappointed. When you don't expect much, you're often very pleased. NOT in this case! The lead actress (Francesca Hayward) was truly excellent in the role (and her dancing was beautiful), and Swift, Dench, Wilson, McKellen, Hudson, and James Corden are some of the most incredible acting talent around (and Wilson & Corden comic excellence!!) But OMG.. this movie was terrible!!! Beautiful sets, scenes, and great dancing couldn't even begin to save the hideous story and plotless adventure. It was a total YAWN-fest of boredom! If you've ever had a nightmare that left you feeling nauseous, sick, and confused.. this movie is leaves you the same way!I hate to be negative.. but this is not worth watching at all. I do want to acknowledge the production crew on excellent production values.. and Ms. Hayward for her beautiful movements.. but NOTHING (including talented actors) could have saved this train wreck! Dan Slentz - Reel Tunez... The Radio Show All About the Movies






Cats is a once in a lifetime movie, not since the legendary birdemic have I been so absolutely bamboozled by the cinematic catastrophe that is this film.






I thought i was in a fever dream. Nope, turns out i was just watching this god-forsaken movie that felt like a bunch of Animorph characters that got stopped in the middle of the morphing to a cat and then shoved on stage.






James Corden seems to have been stuck in the film to appeal to his American following, he certainly wasn't chosen based on his acting or singing skills. A truly awful film with no one getting pass marks but Corden was particularly dire.






I went expecting it to be bad. But sometimes bad can be entertaining. This was just bad. There was no entertainment value in its badness. It's like the cinematic equivalent of the Tide pod challenge. Many in the theater could not take it and left. Those of us who stayed only succeeded in poisoning themselves. Not much of an accomplishment. I found myself angry-angry at the people who made it, angry at the people who distributed it. It is an indictment of capitalism that someone can sell something this bad and not face imprisonment.






...this one was enough to want to kick your own cat (who you love very much) in the face multiple times. When I got home, I couldn't look at my cat for hours.






Bogus good reviews abound on this movie - all you have to do is check to see if the reviewer ever wrote a review before and then ask yourself why they would choose this to be their first amazing review. You have to assume the studio paid for those ones because they needed to have some good reviews.This movie is peppered with stars, so you'd think it would be good. CGI has come so far, so you'd think that would be good too. But somehow it just added to how terrible this is.The CGI is awful. The script is awful. Some of the songs that were great on stage are somehow awful. The blame lies with whoever decided not to animate this and went with CGI instead.I have never seen so many famous names in a cast and thought wow, this was a pile of poop.Wait for it on Netflix for free, it's that bad. And there were only about 30 people in my showing and 4 of them left and never returned. That's how tragic this movie is, and it's a great musical on Broadway, just so NOT in this movie. It's a razzie contender for sure.






As Phoebe said.... My eyes! My eyes! What have I just watched? I wish I could get partial amnesia or something and forget this experience.






Doesn't mean you should
Wow!
Horrendous film, absolute dross






If there is such a place as kitty heaven then we must assume there is also a kitty hell. If such a place were to exist, the demonic entities that would dwell in such a place would resemble the screeching, nightmare inducing creatures featured in cats 2019. I'm not entirely convinced this was not the intended purpose of this musical flick as no sane person could have thought any of this looked good....right?






I inadvertently hammered a 6" nail into my hand. Yet that was more enjoyable than watching this disaster of a movie. The special effects, the story the actors....all so so bad. 1/10 but would like to give a negative score if I could.






When you give a karaoke competition third runner up an Oscar for effectively playing herself, you're asking for trouble. And though it's taken many years, that festering sore has finally burst through the skin with Jennifer Hudson's rendition of Memory in this shockingly unpleasant movie version of a shockingly unpleasant stage show.To be fair to the makers of this abomination, the source material they had to work with is the real problem here - a painfully stupid and tuneless musical based on a collection of poems about cats, the writer of which could never in his wildest dreams have imagined someone would make into a stage play. Why would they? The answer is the key to everything that's wrong with this movie : over inflated ego.It is gargantuan ego that put Taylor Swift, Idris Elba, James Corden, and others to sign up to this and not demand to be edited out after seeing the final depressing version. It is ego that makes Rebel Wilson think she can be the same character she is in everything else she's ever done and she will be funny (spoiler: she isn't). But even these graphic demonstrations of colossal self delusion pale in comparison to Hudson's hilarious performance.To be by far the worst thing about the worst movie possibly ever made is in itself notable, but to quite obviously think you're by far the best thing in a profoundly important masterpiece is ego that mere mortals like you and I can only ponder on. Hudson viciously and sadistically tortures every note of Memory the way anyone with a musical bone in their body has always wanted to torture Andrew Lloyd Webber. It is the only laugh out loud moment of the whole show, and believe me, I was not the only one in the cinema laughing.What is interesting about all this though is that it makes us take a look at ourselves. We sometimes like to think of actors we've liked in various things as good folk who we'd enjoy having over to dinner, even though we've never met them. But what this movie shows is that our beloved thespians are in fact scrabbling back biters who would do anything for a feed yet think themselves superior to us and each other (and yet they all had so much trouble pretending to be cats...).And that's the sad part. Taylor Swift, James Corden, Jennifer Hudson, we already knew about. But Idris Elba, Ian McKellen, Judy Dench - we see you now. And we won't forget. And nor, Ray Winstone, will the owners of Bet365. But do keep begging them to take you back. It's the only option you have left after this.






I was really looking forward to this and booked the tickets weeks ago.Is this one massive inside joke at our expense??? as no one watching this through the editing suite could have thought it were fit for purpose.What a massive disappointment.
The constant close ups were way too much, whoever directed this should be fired. It needs a wide angle.Not one of them, apart from Hudson could sing and she embarrassed herself sniffling through the big number, then shrieking her head off for the money note.Singing live does NOT work in a movie, they ruined Les Miserables with it.What were Dench and Mkellen doing? I couldn't have cared less what happened to them. Idris too, what a joke. What a way to end her career at 90 odd.And, the worst of the worst was James Corden, I can not stand him at the best of times but covered in home made CGI and trying to sing sunk the production to new lows.Shame on all involved in this car crash.
I want my money back.This will go down as one of the worst films in history.






After I read some reviews I decided that I must see it for myself. That was a REALLY bad idea.The storyline doesn't make sense and it's quite difficult to watch because it's 106 MINUTES of nonsense. The CGI isn't bad, it is just... really weird.
I have soooo many questions of "Cinema sins kind". Like why some cats wear clothes? Why other don't?It's this kind of movie that makes you think you should get on well with your mom, pay your debts and get your life together.
This film is jaw-droppingly awful. Avoid like the plague. No need to critique it. So bad it's bad. Enough said.






This could be the worst thing ever made who thought this would be a good idea. Is there still time to delete this film?






I am writing this review as I am still in the movie theatre room and the movie isn't finished yet.The most disturbing thing for me is how obvious the green screen is. I can't stop starring at their feet. They didn't even try to make it look a little real. No depth of fiel, nothing. This just makes all the dancing and moving so unnatural.Some songs and voices are good but the overall movie is just really bad. I wanted to leave after 20min but my mom paid for the tickets and I don't want to be disrespectful.I don't think this should have ever been adapted for the big screen. Because of all the reasons above but I also think it's just too theatrical and just doesn't adapt well. I have no doubt this would be 10x more enjoyable played on a Broadway stage.Stay away from this movie.






I went into this film with very low expectations. But this film is worse than terrible. There's nothing nice you can say about this movie. It just isn't worth watching. I felt bad about spending money to see it.






What the hell was that? How in the world could Hooper watch this and still release it? This goes way beyond weird; it's downright creepy at times which is magnified by all the bazillion closeups. That's not the way to watch this show. You have to see the whole stage because there are things going on all over the stage no matter which character the focus is on. With a stellar cast such as this you'd have to really go out of your way to produce a monstrosity like this. I'm sorry to say that that's pretty much what he did. I like Hooper. He's put out some really great stuff. This is not one of them.






Before watching this movie, I was very happy with my mental state and life in general. I had a family, people who loved me as much as I loved them back. An amazing wife, 2 beautiful children and... I'm sorry but this is so hard to write... a cat. I thought despite the bad reviews and creepy previews that I could still find some joy in this movie as I have been able to find joy in many things in my life. However, I got ten minutes into the movie and my body wouldn't let me get up out of the chair, I was paralyzed as the horrible images, ear destroying songs, and dialogue that seemed to be written by a mentally challenged dodo bird was forced upon me. It has been several days since I left that theatre and I will not go into specific details, but my actions have lead to my family leaving me and my cat no longer being with us. Something has taken over my mind that I never though possible, there is such anger filling me that and I feel myself falling into a deep and dark hole with no chance of escape, even the thoughts of cats remind me of the horrors I faced in that movie theatre and there is nothing I can do to stop it. I fear that I will never be the same again, all I can hope is that my mind will repress the horrid memories that I have endured over the last couple days. I beg of anyone reading this... Do not watch this movie. Just leave a bad review and move on, trust me, it has ruined my life






It is listed as a comedy because it is indeed a joke.






I took my 2 kids to watch this movie as they left in horror they had night mares about his movie for 2 days straight it was so horrible they actually started crying in the theater






Please can people think before making awful films, that each bad film will take resources from the environment, so no more sh!# films.






This Movie Is An Insult To My Four Amazing CatsI had to go home and apologize to my cats for the infiltration of cat related garbage that I just allowed into my brain...The only two good things in the movie were the face make-up and Jennifer Hudson's version of "Memories" which you could see in the movie trailer.Seriously - The Best Parts Are In The Trailer.... Just watch that & spare yourself 2+ hours of your life that you'll never get back.My husband's favorite part was when they all blew up in the end, but then he realized that he dreamed that when he fell asleep during the movie and that was an even better ending than what we just watched.






I never ever give a 1 star rating, having crawled out of the cinema after this monstrosity I had to give it the review it deserves. I genuinely thought I had a migraine as the screen seemed out of focus and distorted, everyone else said the same. A hideous movie, the visuals detracted from the music, which was half decent, some of the performances were dire. I hate to jump on the bandwagon, but the worst movie of 2019.Excruciating. 1/10






To all current and future high school band/theater students: Enjoy your mandatory viewing of this for years to come.






After seeing cats I was so beaten down by the catastrophe I had just seen. I just sat there speechless why would anyone ok this. It is important for movies to have plots that the viewer can understand. Cats certainly has a plot, I think. All the cats; like the audience, wan't to die so they can be born again. So they sing songs to Judi Dench so she can put them in a hot air balloon and send them back to there cruel creator. It is important for movies to have convincing effects, Cats certainly has effects. Why did they make the cats humanoid not just the cats, the mice and the cockroaches too. it the film cats a cat eats her army of sentient cockroaches they move just like humans and yet they are nothing but food for the uncaring cat. The same applies to the mice but they are even more human having the appearance of a small child and yet it is implied that the cats eat these children. It is important for a film to be well shot, Cats makes me wish I was shot. The cinematography in Cats is messy and it is made worse by the atrocious editing. The film is cut in a way that makes it hard to follow. It is important for a films world to feel lived in and real, Cats has a world. The nightmare creatures the film tries to convince you are cats eat mice and wear there skulls, this choice was very poorly executed (I wish I was executed) as I said earlier the mice are humanoid, and yet the cats wear the skulls from normal mice. On the surface this makes no sense unless you consider the fact that the cats are horrible mutants from a nuclear fallout. Cats has nothing any good movie has, not even anything any bad movie has. Cats may not be a movie I'm still not 100% sure this isn't a bad dream, and there may still be a small chance I will wake up. But sadly I'm pretty sure this movie is real. Even sadder it will most likely kill the career of a talented director and cause less musicals to get funded. Cats makes any positives it has impossible to appreciate. The true tragedy of Cats is that some peoples talent was wasted.






Absolutely love the Westend show of cats! This was shockingly bad seen better movies made on YouTube dreadful!!!






A lot of talent have gone to waste because of this movie.






Utter garbage. No plot, rubbish CGI rather like watching cats on your lawn






