Watching this, it feels like a twelve-year-old wrote the screenplay by tacking together scenes that might look cool without giving any thought to what the dialog would sound like when spoken out loud by human beings. Ian McShane does his best to sound convincing, while some of the other actors don't seem to see the point in even doing that and it's hard to blame them. There are plot holes throughout and segments that make little-to-no sense and add nothing to the story, although would maybe look neat if the effects were any good. The whole thing generally feels like someone slapped together at least four or five stories and tried to turn them into a coherent whole, which wouldn't surprise me, although I don't know enough about the comics to say for certain.I'm not sure where to place the blame for the awful pacing, but the movie is just unrelenting. There are times when things should wind down, but then it's just more noisy stuff happening. For example, at one point a character is in need of specialized medical attention and they find out it'll be a fairly-long and "treacherous" trek to get it. The character is then cured within 1-2 minutes of runtime, the trek portion being a few seconds of that, then we jump straight into some exposition, then we jump straight back to what we were doing before, presumably after a long and treacherous trek back that also happens instantaneously. To get an idea of how jarring this feels, imagine if Gandalf told Frodo about what it would take to destroy the ring and the next scene was at Mount Doom.The direction is mostly just odd, and I have no idea if it's because the director couldn't figure out what was happening in the script or because someone was meddling with his work.Finally, the CGI monsters look terrible. There are some impressive uses of practical effects, but the transitions between those and their CGI counterparts are blatant.






I don't consider myself an angry guy but if this is the new standard for blockbusters, Baba Yaga can have both my eyes because I will have no further use for them. There's nothing I can think of to defend this cinematographic abomination. This extremely ugly shot cosplay version of Mike Mignola's Hellboy comic does not even attempt to tell a coherent story. The soundtrack consists of some out of place rock songs that are stuck in random places in the film. Unlike Del Toro's films, there is no way of feeling any sympathy for the one-dimensional characters. The endless stream of silly one-liners and aimless quips make you realize that these annoyingly unpleasant characters have nothing to tell us over the course of two (!) excruciating hours. The movie simply jumps from exposition piece to action scene and back again. And where Guillermo Del Toro created a tactile world with a balanced combination of practical effects work and sparingly used CGI, we are now saddled with special effects that look like the deleted scenes from a Playstation 3 game. It's incomprehensible that Mignola believes that this soulless version is closer to the comics. I think the claim that the a fan of the source material would be at peace with this terrible movie is an insult.






Story was rushed, very little character development, and the climax was disappointing. They should have funded a 3rd Guillermo del Toro movie instead. I try and give movies a chance, including this one, but the film was really bad. The only other movie I've ever wanted to leave early for was Dumb and Dumber To.






Although the effort of the director and the talent of the actors, the movie lacks the charm of the Guillermo del Toro duology. The movie is way more faithful to the comics but it also tries to be faithful to the previous movies (which every reboot should try to be) but it just becomes a mess of attempts.
The CGI is overused- WHEN WILL STUDIOS LEARN!- and although the creatures design is very interesting, pretty much every character lacks the dept the old duology provided.
At the end of the day Hellboy(2019) is just another failed reboot that tries to be it's own thing while respecting the previous movies.
My rating?
5 out of 10, but I do agree with the 61% rating on rotten tomatoes because the movie isn't all crap, there's a charm to it but it's not enough to make you overlook it's flaws.
Just watch the Guillermo del Toro duology, it's a far superior franchise, and I would of loved to see the third movie if the studios didn't cancelled it.
If you are interested in the director Neill Marshall (which despite the failed attempt of rebooting Hellboy is a damn good director) go watch Dog Soldiers which is criminally underrated.
See you next time at the movies,
Ruben the Critic






I loved the 2004 version with Ron Perlman. That production team nailed it. I was expecting they would reboot the franchise because they had some new ideas. Doesn't seem like that was their motivation. The 2019 version is a mess. The source material is SO rich, but they only skimmed the surface of it, focusing on broad ideas so much that I couldn't really care about any of the characters or even the fate of humanity. The writing is bad and feels like a Jr. High boy's creative writing assignment, full of fantastic concepts that have all been done before. There's a lot of explaining about past events and scene setup that should come from situations and dialog, but instead is given to us in a "Oh yeah, forgot to tell you..." fashion. Then there was the editing... Scenes were mishmashed together to tell the story loosely. I'm not an editor, but I even noticed scenes that would have been better left out or rearranged in a different order. Halfway through the movie, I left.






Unfortunately, the new "Hellboy" movie is a comics on a screen.
It's flat, the dialogs are unnecessary, there are fights here and there, there are continuity issues, there are a bad camera work and bad editing.
It looks like no one told the director that the cinematography is a very different form of art.
The movie is boring and honestly bad.
A waste of time and money.






Had to write this review seeing how so many others give it a 10, seriously? There's almost nothing to like or admire about this compared to the great 2 previous hell-boy movies directed by the great Guillermo del Toro. So disappointing and so forgettable, it's a tragedy and sin to moviegoers they opted to make this ramshackle ruinous flick instead of ending the initial hellboy trilogy by making hellboy 3. The horde (audience) wins over the others who appreciate really good things I guess!!!






Currently being slammed by critics and sitting a very low score on rotten tomatoes, Hell Boy is a film I went into with zero expectations.
I just wanted something silly, entertaining and over the top, and the exactly what I got, and I must say, I enjoyed the..erm..hell out of it.
Directed by Neil Marshal, who has worked on Game of thrones and West World, this is not the Neil Marshall who gave us the horror masterpiece that is The Decent.
This is the Neil Marshal who gave us Dog Soldiers and Doomsday.
Silly, gory, surprising and does not give a **** about embracing it absurd concept to the full. David Harbor knocks it out of the park as Hellboy, and one thing he has over Ron Perlman's performance is a sense of threat; that he really could be evil of pushed too far.
The whole film moves at a fast pace and has a feel of a video game, but here it works, with a mix of Devil May Cry and God of War, especially in the combat and design of some creatures.
Maybe I was in a forgiving mood but the Bebop like villain Gruagach had me in stiches with his sweary mouth and English northern accent.
Go see it if you want some outrageous fantasy violence and a few laughs.






I strongly urge anyone that considers themselves a fan of #Hellboy, the comics, the characters and not just the #GuillermodelToro/#RonPerlman films, please go see this film. This is a very different take on these iconic characters and the world they inhabit and it is the most fun version that I've seen so far. Don't get me wrong, I loved GDT's films, the man crafts beautiful modern fairly tales and this film was smart no to try and replicate that. Instead, this movie has more in common with #SamRaimi's #ArmyOfDarkness, over the top violence and Gore, not for those with a weak stomach, and frequent profanity. #DavidHarbour does an excellent job and plays the role very differently than Perlman did and it has the potential to propel him from TV into a full time movie star. #IanMcShane brings his usual gravitas and presence to the role previously embodied by the late great #JohnHurt, again being smart to not emulate that performance and make this role entirely his own.I feel like this movie is suffering from the same disconnect and out of touch effect that critics had with last year's #Venom. Critics almost universally panned that film while audiences similarly loved it. Every negative review I've read for this so far continually compares it unfavorably to the previous films and many also take issues with the excessive use of violence, Gore and adult language. What did you expect, this is an R Rated film and is thoroughly advertised as such.I hope positive word of mouth from fans makes this successful as they set up some very cool stuff for a potential sequel.If you love these characters like I do, if you love balls to the wall, over the top action horror, please see this film.






Rating 7.0/10
Yet another big blockbuster action movie based on a comic is the base of Hellboy. A few people had mentioned this movie before it came out and reassured me it would be good, but it was the opposite. If you enjoy the comic books or are a fan of action and science fiction, you might even enjoy this movie. If you're not stay away. Could have been better. Decent acting, Good effects but very lousy story. Nevertheless, they were still entertaining !!






From Dog Soldiers to, Doomsday..... not sure why there are so many bad reviews for hellboy.The movie rocks, its amazing and i loved it. The first trailer was scary i really though the movie would be that bad... i just could not get into it, but after the final trailer it looked better.With a lower budget then the first 2 movies, they pulled it off, the fx are top notch.... anyways great movie.






The new Hellboy was a helluva good time. Yes, it's different from the previous two films. But give it a chance. Harbour does a fantastic job as Hellboy. And the movie draws far more on the source/comic material than the previous films. If you loved the comics, you'll enjoy this movie. Plenty of humor, action, and fantasy to hold your interest.






First off I haven't read any of the source material or seen the pearlman films in years so my knowledge of the source material is limited. However I can comment that the script is just so bad, with very cliche lines and moments. The acting from a lot of the supporting cast is quite poor as well with a noticeably poor English accent from Daniel Dae Kim. The comedy missed more than it hit and felt like it was trying to hard. There was a ridiculous amount of exposition that just bored me that kept coming from characters (particularly Ian mcshane, was probably 80% of his script). There was a hell of a lot of violence, I expected that and it was quite fun to watch but perhaps a bit too excessive and unnecessary at times. I give it a 5 because it isn't all bad, David harbour as hellboy was absolutely brilliant and carried the rest of the cast as well as I there was some nice action set pieces and choreography throughout (I particularly liked a one-shot like scene at the end). The cgi was a mixed bag, with some scenes looking good but some scenes at the end particularly laughably bad. Overall this film is quite poor and I don't recommend you see it in cinemas and spend money, perhaps wait till your drunk at home with some friends and watch it on tv or Netflix or whatever. That'll be more of a appropriate viewing experience






I love the Hellboy comics, the novels, the short stories, all of it. Hands down my favorite comic book character ever written, and not likely to change.They got a few things right, fair credit where its due. The Hellboy in Mexico story was spot on and well done, Daimio and Gruagach were both fairly accurate, and the Baba Yaga's chicken leg house was just about perfect. They NAILED the Osiris Club and the Wild Hunt, which got a huge smile from me.But... Man, the rest of it? Why is Hellboy suddenly at odds with the Professor, who is suddenly a foul-mouthed monster hunter? Why rewrite the details to the origin? Why so dramatically change Alice?The sad fact is that this movie tried to do WAY too much in adapting The Storm and the Fury, which is essentially the climax of the entire Hellboy saga. There are too many moving pieces to that story, too many callbacks to previous stories, and truthfully its way too big a scope to try and cram into one story, even if the script and director were up to the challenge. And unfortunately they were not. The story is all over the place and rushed, the dialogue is really hackneyed in spots, and overall it just ends up a mess.David Harbour really does a great job in making Hellboy his own take on the character, but the script does him no favors in giving him very little room to work. If They ever make another, I do hope they bring him back, because it's clear how much he cares about the character.
Yup the movie is dumb but that's hellboy. The cgi and monsters are nice. Alot of action not much talking. I was entertained.






The movie itself should be a 6.5, maybe a 7 if you're a fan so I'm surprised by the low scores until I looked and seen how many people gave it a 1. Do you know how bad a movie has to be to receive a rating of 1? At first I thought the bible thumpers were uniting, but that doesn't seam to be the case so now I'm left to wonder who these *bright intelligent beings* are so I can filter any review or opinion they may have to the recycle bin.I missed Doug Jones in this one as it's a reboot of sorts, but only after the movie was over as it held my attention for all the right reasons. I'm giving this a 10 to help offset the idiotic 1 reviews from people who thought they were sitting down to watch Mary Poppins.






I really like the character of Hellboy with his little John McClane side, i.e. « I did not ask to be here, but as I am stuck here, please let me smash them all, one by one, just to have a little fun », and the dark atmosphere. The soundtrack is punchy and punk rock. At last, the Computer Generated Imagery is globally successful. For now: that's heavy! Nevertheless, the story is so predictable and terribly far-fetched. In short: desperately annoying. It's really an uninterrupted series of dismemberments, decapitation and eye-gouging delights during manifold battles against apocalyptic monsters. These scenes are strung together at a blistering pace for one disappointing purpose: make you forget an incoherent script full of moronic plot twists. Well, well, well, ... another film without much interest than we will quickly forget.






Harbour does a great job in this film playing the anti-hero Hellboy. The script was not great and after reading reviews I thought it would be garbage. There are enough redeeming qualities to watch this movie in theaters. It has solid action sequences with plenty of gore. It's disappointing critics tore it apart. I give it a solid 7 it's entertaining just try not to take anything away from it and enjoy the ride.






There's no way a sane person who paid $13 would rate this above a 4. Terrible script, mediocre acting, unnecessary gore. Decent soundtrack. Had all the amblings of a bad Disney movie.
The Bureau for Paranormal Research and Defense. Let's talk about this unprepared Mickey Mouse operation. What do you think they'd use for weapons in apprehending paranormal beings? Some kind of energy sucker like Ghostbusters, maybe? Or some new, state of the art plasma gun introduced to us specifically for this movie? Nope. Regular guns. That's right. They have billions of dollars for high tech facilities in the Colorado mountains and London and plenty of manpower but nothing in the way of taking down a particularly nasty apparition. You'd think they could be a little imaginative in their writing and give the BPRD a weapon that could at least plausibly kill a spirit. That is their business after all.
Then again, maybe the writers were trying to give us the feeling that the BPRD was an overfunded government program that blew all its cash on expensive buildings(Winston Churchill's desk??), locations and transportation then had nothing left for what they actually needed the money for -which is the very definition of today's government! If that was the case then they hit the nail right on the head!
It's like and old video game. A rather simple plot, fights in different locations and short cut-scenes with dialogues between them.






Somewhere there's a monkey at a typewriter claiming plagiarism. I really don't know where to begin with what I hated about this film. Simply put, I would say imagine 7 seasons of Game of Thrones lore and plot twists condensed into 2 hours via a series of flashbacks with added dick joke humour. I imagine my review will be removed but I'll add that the creators manage to include 2, that I can recall, child abuse jokes... because, you know, that's always funny?!






Not your typical superhero comic. But really entertaining me throughout the end. Gory, dark humour, sassy hellboy. Fists and fights, not much of cheesy lines. I love it!






Just because Del Toro isnt directing and Hellboy isnt Perlman doesnt mean this film should be getting slammed unfairly the way it is. it's a new vision and adaptation that actually works even better as far as following comic source material. The action and pacing is intense and the horror aspects are really well blended. People keep slandering the cgi and honestly its excellent cgi. The story blends many different particular comics together and it works. David Harbor gives a lot of great character to hellboy as well. Just see this and pay no mind to delusional biased critics and haters. It's a fun adaptation.






The CGI sucks, the editing is poor, hell boy does not act like hell boy and the movie is just boring in general.






Whats wrong with all these critics !.This is a really good Hellboy movie with R rating !.Why so many people dislike it?.
Acting is really good.The story is also really good and unexpected !.
The action scene and gore wit R rating is so awesome to see in Big screen.
I think I preffer much more the new version of Hellboy movie R rating, than the old one with PG13 !.
On RottenTomatoes just 10 % really ?.What is wrong with all these critics I say.
I saw much more worse movies in my life , with 90 % on Rottentomatoes.So wtf is wrong with these all critics?.
I didnt like the trailer as everyone.I didnt expect to be even average after the trailer.I went to the cinema , and I saw a really good Hellboy movie with one of the best action scene I have ever seen.Really good story and acting.
I love the actor that play Hellboy.I recommend this movie.Dont listen all these critics.
I think people just dont like so much different ideas in new Hellboy movie with R rating, compare to the old one from Dell Torro which I also like it very much.
From me its 8\10.






I went into this movie having not seen the originals and aware of it's negative reviews but was willing to give it a chance, as sometimes critics can be wrong (an example being Tom Hardy's Venom which was a fantastic movie to watch). However, unfortunately the critics got this one right.
The script and story line was a confusing mess which didn't know what it wanted to do with itself and which relied on flashbacks and narrative to at least get some of it's awful story across.
The CGI stuck out like a sore thumb and the comedy got no laughs from the cinema I was in (I don't blame them in this case). The characters were underused and had little to no chemistry.
The film's climax was also disappointing, as we saw the main villain get killed easily, taking away her formidable powers, in which she didn't really use.
The few good things Hellboy had going for it was David Harbour's performance in which he attempted to do his best with a poor script. There is also plenty of action from start to finish and the movie keeps throwing different things at you, which can be saw as a good or a bad thing depending on your taste in movies.
Overall, you should give Hellboy a miss, unless you are willing to ignore the story and look at the action instead.
Don't listen to critics- they somehow forget these movies are based on comic books. Take it for what it is - a fun, funny, action movies with some really gory scenes.
Love Ron Perlman, but David Harbour did a great job. Am looking forward to Hellboy 2!






Yet more proof cinema is devoid of originality. This is another dumb movie devoid of soul and as utterly vapid as we've come to expect from cinema of the 2010's. Harbour is also no Ron Perlman.






I don't know what the other reviewers take on this but I really do enjoy the movie. Eventhough the storyline sucks but the movies goes with the flow. For the Actions and Bloods lovers, I'm sure you guys will enjoy this. Really a action packed new Hellboy to a newer generations






I read the comics and watched the other hellboy films including animated films, truly I love hellboy and I don't care if anyone is giving hellboy 2019 bad ratings






It never hurts to be reminded that an Apocalypse is likely to be an horrific event. A handful of shots and scenes in Hellboy deserve to be quickly swept under the carpet of the subconscious. One sequence in particular I found granted the movie it's R rating. Much of it is beyond the pale ... what you'd expect walking in to a R-rated movie. Based on the tone throughout this fillem I think it highly logical that the conclusion was reigned in a good deal. That's not to give anything away because there is a stack of crazy ideas from go to whoa. Not for lovers of fine cinema but for those who might enjoy the charms of a modern monster mash.






This film is great, from the CGI, to the blood guts and humour. So many people are going into this movie with the intent of disliking it that they don't give it a chance and it's just immature






I really like Hellboy, and liked this movie a lot. I also liked the Del Toro movies, but this movie is more similar to the comics. It has fun action and I enjoyed the ride. CGI wasn't great, but I didn't bother me too much.






Man... I rarely walk out of the cinema before the ending of a film... but this was a torture... the plot, the script, the characters, everything in this movie and comic are always so BAD! SO BIZARRE AND OUT OF CONTEXT! NOTHING HAS SENSE!! I cant get why people like it, I mean, 99% of those must be possers, but the other 1% Im pretty sure they like it for real, and that's so sad, how people like a such an uncharismatic character?? Maybe because they see something that doesnt exist in reality and they are confused, anyway, -10/10, IMDB doesnt let negative notes or 0, so, sadly I have to give it a 1/10 :( But I really do want my money and time back, cause this was a waste!






Forced gore + forced humor = TRASH. Maybe if you're an immature 12 year old, you might find this movie entertaining. Anyone with a brain will not. Period.






I don't understand the hate for this movie. Because of all the bad reviews I went into this thinking it was going to be horrible, but it's wasn't at all. Is it an Oscar winner? No! But not every movie has to be. I really enjoyed it and had a good time. A lot of the humor landed with me and the audience I was watching with. The gore was a BIT much, so know going into it that there are some pretty horrific scenes. David really shone as HellBoy. Overall a good movie!






Really don't understand the hate. This movie is funny, and entertaining through and through. I loved it. A lot better than DelToro's version. Go see it, have a good time and don't go in expecting to hate it. It's actually a pretty solid movie. I mean cmon, it's hellboy, what do you want?






Loved the story. The way they go about making the characters this time had a very dark atmosphere loved the gore it's worth giving a chance it feels like there setting up for a much more expansive universe this time around and I would definitely recommend. I feel like most people will slam this movie because it's a movie from a lower budget studio that's trying to build themselves up....the score this time around was definitely geared for people that like rock
Hopefully this makes room for a bigger better sequel






This is all the gore and hellish mayhem I want in a movie!!! I absolutely looooooved it!!!!!! Everything about it. Top 5 favorite absolutely love!!!!






I think the fact that everyone started slating this movie from its announcement hasnt helped it. Much more faithful to the graphic novels. No soppy love story. Just action!






Ron Perlman would be very disappointed at the way people are treating this movie simply because it is not his and Del Toro's. I loved it. The comics are satanic bloody monster violence and that is what this movie is in a nutshell. You should just watch and enjoy it David, Mia, Ian, and the rest of the cast did a great job and put their heart into this. I'd go give it a watch if you are intrested.






The flim is great I loved the r rating and was not much of a fan of the original movie but I was super hyped for this and it didn't disappoint, it's a great action horror comic I think everyone who like blood and gore should read a d think they should definitely see the flim.






The movie is really good and the actors tried their best for brining their character to life






Now I never really write reviews for anything. But with all the bad reviews this has been getting I felt the need to come to it's defence.This film is actually fantastic.
So first off, STOP COMPARING THIS TO DEL TOROS WORK. Del Toro did not invent hellboy. He simply adapted the source material with his own spin. Don't get me wrong, I love the orginal two...BUT, all these negative reviews by people who are determined to hate it because of the Del toro movies is downright childish to be quite honest.Second, Harbour does a bloody fantastic job of bringing hellboy to life. While still not exactly the same as the comic hellboy, his damn close, way more so than Ron Perlmen.Now as a longstanding mega fan of the comics I can safely say this was made for the fans. It has so many utterly satisfying scenes, nods, characters and scenarios, subtle and not so subtle ripped straight from the comics. So if you're a fan of the comics , you will get that little extra bit of satsifaction.I was thoroughly entertained as both a fan and a movie goer.
If you dont go in expecting a oscar winning masterpiece. You're in a for one incredibly entertaining, gore filled, epic quest of a movie. Filled with silly humour, epic fights, actually good cgi and more monster than you can shake a big red fist at.Don't listen to the hate..GO SEE THIS MOVIE!!!






Ok so I have now officially given up listening to critics........this movie is exactly like what I was expecting from the second trailer......a great fun comic book action movie and it introduced a great new direction for the character......I simply love David Harbour as Hellboy and yes I'm a big fan of the original movies too......but this felt like watching a graphic novel come to life like Watchmen did....Go and enjoy this movie!!!!!






This movie is getting slammed for no reason. For anyone who watched this expecting a super elabraote story - what did you honestly expect? Comics aside, this movie itself is a very entertaining action-packed comedy that my friends and I enjoyed from start to finish. If this movie interests you, stop reading other peoples' negative reviews and give it a try for yourself (that's what I did).






Just read all the reviews from 7/10 to 10/10 and you'll have your answer.






I had really low expectations for this movie after seing the original DelToro films when I was a kid, and the trailer for this reboot. Went in and had A BLAST. We went into a dolby ATMOS theatre with super loud and sharp sound as well as good picture quality. The only "bad" cgi that I saw was during the scene where hellboy clenches his fist really quick and when a scorpion crawls down his hand. The scenes with the giants were REALLY fun to watch and losten to! What the heck is wrong with people, did we all watch a different movie. In Portugal films dont get censorted and there even was an 11 year old kid sitting by my side. The jokes were actually funny as compared to Captain Marvel and Shazam garbage dialogue. Two puns even made me LOL.This is the most fun I've had at the movies since chuldhood. Mostly because I grew and gotten more mature and can now handle a lot more R rated stuff and actually enjoy it. The gore in the movie was by no mens exagerated.The movie has a brilliant pace and it actually pains me to think that the director and crew belive they made a great movie but for some unbelievable reason all the reviews are terrible.Something wrong with people these days. Maybe thats because The studio didnt pay them for good reviews and at the same timy Disney payed the reviewers to diss this movie!This is one of those movies you have to go and see on the big screen!






It's my first review. I just cannot understand why many people are rating this movies so low!!! It's a cool and funny movie. One of the best for this year.






OMFG!! So many people want way too much from this film.. It was terrific.. Stop trolling and hating!!! This movie is fun, exciting and true to the source material.. FFS, relax!!!






I loved the other two Hellboy movies so I was skeptical of this one with Harbour. I was pleasantly surprised and really enjoyed this one. The acting was great and the effects and fighting scenes were awesome. Some bad effects here and there but over all a decent film that I really enjoyed!






The same way that TV shows continue to raise the bar in the quality of their craft, matching budgets to full blow movies, this movie does the very opposite. CGI, acting and overall all script is so subpar for relaunching the Hellboy franchise. I felt like I was watching some TV show that go crippled by studio suits. It's a huge step back from the original 15 years prior. Movies should never regress in relaunches. This movie was soo bad that I had to write an actual review for it. I never write reviews for movies. Skip this movie, it's not worth your time.






The truth is a very good movie, many say it is bad but it is because they compare it with Guillermo del Toro's films but this new movie has a good story, a good plot and very bloody that the director took a risk because not many of them dare to put so many bloody scenes and the only bad thing I notice about the film was that some effects are bad means and also some performances






The gore, violence, and horror. I love those things. Hellboy is awesome.






Wait.. why are the ratings so low? This is a great movie. Typical Hellboy action and some laughs. I loved it. Giving it a 10 to help with the ratings






I'm a huge fan of the Perlman movies and the original comics, so I was sceptical about seeing this reboot - particularly as I was disappointed that there wouldn't be a third movie with Perlman in. But I throughly enjoyed this. I laughed out loud at a lot of the jokes. The dialogue was perfect!Yes, the ending was predictable, but I expect that for a superhero origins story. And the Osiris Club were very cliche British, but it doesn't distract from the story line; it adds to the humour!Milla was superb in her role and I loved her every scene. Feel free to bring her back for the sequel! And after a few minutes you forgot that it was David Harbour on screen - he was just Hellboy.It was wonderful to see Daniel Dae Kim as Ben - and as sidekicks go he's a lot more practical than Abe (much as I love Abe) and I was so proud of Ed Skrein for passing up the role in favour of an Asian actor. We need more of this.As far as the action sequences go - it's very full on with plenty of gore and blood and flying body parts.If I'd paid attention to the critics, I wouldn't have gone to see this and I would have missed out.If I could meet the people that made this, I'd give them a hug and say "thanks"! Because there is so much love in this.Bring on the sequel!!






Created an account so I could write a review for this movie. It's different from the original movies so don't go see it if you are just wanting to compare. Overall it is super entertaining and there are some great metal moments. HIGHLY RECOMMEND (especially if you like horror/comedy mixed movies). Get ready for gore.






I almost never write a review for a movie, just rate them and move on, but in this case I just felt compelled due to all the negative reviews. No, this isn't a Guillermo del Toro film, but it is most definitely still worth watching. I wish people would stop being so harsh on reboots. Ron Perlman did great on the original movies, but David Harbour does it even better. The story isn't full of holes as most claim, it's perfectly adequate. Just watch it with a non bias attitude and you're sure to really enjoy it.






I've always been a long time fan and reader of the Hellboy comics.The movies moved me and made me excited to see Big Red on the theater screen. The first two movies I watched countless times, and I'll not downgrade the great films they Del Toro, Ron Perlman and crew did to bring one of my favorite comic book personas to life.That being said, I do feel strongly that the 2019 adaptation, as well as David Harbour's take on the role and movie in general did the comic series proud.It kept all if the spectral and mythological essence the comics were known for, and wasn't flooded with the typical and Hollywood expectations of romance that I felt tampered the second original Hellboy movie.It kept fairly true to its comic roots, well balanced with sordid humor and grim darkness it was known to have.
And, despite the comparison to MCU there isn't and shouldn't be one. Hellboy is it's own character with it's own back history and build that had a VERY strong backing well before MCU and DC had it's cards into play.Long story short, drop comparisons and appreciate the movie and story for what it is. I found myself pleasantly surprised for this movie and can't wait to see it again, with hopes of a sequel.






Saw this majestic film in IMAX. I was surprised that 1 other person was there and left in the middle so I was the only one in the auditorium. Kinda unfortunate that this movie isn't doing well, although I saw it in the middle of the day on a Tuesday. Regardless of any of that, this experience was excellent; great fun all the way through; very enthralling; bizarre supernatural ride;kinda funny as well; a few bits were a little negative, otherwise I love everything about it!The original Guillmero Del Toro Hellboy's are/will always be classics on par with this one in my opinion; David Harbour nailed this role! Hope more see my review I think the movie is fantastic!






I don't know why the critics are giving it bad reviews. They keep comparing it to the Guillermo Del Toro films and saying it's nothing like them, it's not supposed to be. It's supposed to be a hard R-rated action movie. It's supposed to be campy, gory, and cheesy. And it works.David Harbour > Ron Perlman






I'm a huge Del Toro and Ron Perlman fan. Yes, it would have been great to see their trilogy come to fruition, but it wasn't to be. It's a bummer, but is what it is. What we do have, now, is the opportunity to see a new trilogy happen. After watching this, I truly hope it happens.
Nobody can ever take away the great things that Perlman, Del Toro, and Doug Jones brought to the table, but David Harbour has brought his brilliant iteration of Hellboy in a big way. I thought he killed it! I enjoyed this movie from start to finish! There was not a full or draggy moment, not did it feel rushed. The CGI looked great, the practical effects we're beautiful and the acting from everyone was fantastic.
Everyone is entitled to their opinion, and if some truly did not care for it, that is what it is, too. I feel like many crap on reboots because they feel it disrespects the originals they love. I don't see why both can't have their own merits. It's like the endless DC vs Marvel debate. Some insist only one or the other is worthy of their time. Again, I'm a big fan of both.
Seriously! This was such a fun movie. I hope the negativity does not hurt the chances for a sequel or a possible trilogy, because I want to see more. I feel like this is a great one for anyone who loves brutally violent battles, strangely relatable disfunctional characters, or just 2 hours of nonstop fun. I will be buying this when it hits DVD, and I hope than many many more will too.






Terrible. Didn't expect much from an unknown lead (decent accompanying cast though anything with Milla Jovovich in is usually worth a watch), and then when I saw 5.4 rating on here I was even more dubious. But, tried to read reviews and every one I saw listed was 9 or 10 so couldn't read the bad reviews.
Anyway, persisted, started bad, continued bad, stayed bad. Half way through I gave up and turned it off.
Not a patch on the first 2.






Was told that this was a bad movie but it rocked. It would appear that it was not properly advertised.






Funny and rough, stellar cast, I wish they would make 1000 movies with this hero. Great motivation for bodybuilders and family guys trying to lose weight. David Harbour is an excellent choice as the new Hellboy, Ian McShane is 24 karat gold as usual, Milla Jovovich is perfect. It's been 15 years since the first Hellboy, and the CGI is absolutely beautiful. I think I'll go see it again, I don't have the patience to wait for it on HBO.






It is cool and fun with nice monsters and pinch of apocalypse.Better then Shazam and Captain Marvel.
Frankly those movies are barely 6-6.5, this i would rate objectively around 7.5 but i give it 10 just to beat undeserving underrates.






This Hellboy movie is really enjoy able according to Violence and action scenes its even better than Overhyped cringe shazam






I didn't expect to like this movie but I loved it its a very fast pace and action packed movie it's as good as the original one.






This was actually quite good despite it's low ratings. The cgi, acting, writing, mood, theme, everything really was top notch. David Harbour is a fantastic Hellboy and his performance shouldn't be discredited or trashed simply because he isn't Ron Perlman. Admittedly, Ron and del Toro both wanted to do a 3rd Hellboy, and they were fantastic with the 1st 2 movies, but the studio wanted a change for god-knows-why, and I wish they had given Ron and del Toro a 3rd movie. I honestly think the only reason people are giving this movie bad ratings and reviews is because "it's not Ron" and that's just not fair to David Harbour. But that is neither here nor there. This movie was great. It was entertaining and I enjoyed it a lot. My only real complaint is...*spoiler alert*...that it is the same basic plot-line as the original (with just enough tweaks and changes to keep it fresh); and while the new slightly altered plot is actually really good - so good that I kinda wish the original Perlman movie had used this plot - I really think it would have been much better if they had just written something new for this reboot rather than retelling the same story.
Right off the bat I would say the story was paced intermediately with tales and information but the movie itself was a fun entertaining watch. Worth the price of a ticket.






Quite enjoyed it, good humor and gore mix, story is decent and isn't just a carbon copy of the originals






I have to say I went to watch this after being a big fan of the other two films with a bit of aprihension, but I really enjoyed it. The action sences were great fun and a lot more gory than I expected and there's enough bad language to make a Sailor blush.
If your a fan of the other two film out of some strange loyalty don't fancy it I urge you to have a look.






Go into this film with expectations for another GDT movie and you'll be disappointed. But go in simply as a Hellboy fan and you'll be rewarded! Not a perfect movie but there's a lot of potential with this production team and it was a very entertaining ride. Looking forward to seeing the kinks worked out in the (hopefully upcoming) sequels!






I did not have much expectations going into this film, but god I was so pleasantly surprised with the quality of the movie. First and foremost, the soundtrack and music used in the film was outstanding and really set-up the movies atmosphere. The acting was good, and the director did a tremendous job to integrate the great humor, and by it, make Hellboys even more interesting. The character was very well written off, the relationships with all the other characters were well-written and interesting, the plot was good and the antagonist had a clear motive for her doings. The movie overall was very entertaining and funny, although an important note would be that it includes a lot of graphic content. Surely recommended!






Good movie. David Harbour portrayed Hellboy very good.






I liked it a lot. I'm not a fanboy, and even though I like the Guillermo versions as much as anyone, this was good. I liked the story and the characters, and the visual effects were great too. Rather gory so be prepared if that's not your thing.I'm glad I gave it a chance instead of listening to those who are tearing it down without even seeing it. I hope they make another because Abe is my favorite and I'd like to see what this group does with him.






The truth is the movie is truly awesome. It is darker than any DC movie, lots of gore with extreme close-ups, edgy humor, lots of actions scenes, multiple goofy yet quite like like characters.It is really a refreshing take on a Hellboy and for me, it is like it should be. He is the spawn from hell. So everything that comes with that should be included in the movie. And the movie rewards you with all that gore and then some.The movie is truly chaotic and I think it is a good thing. The pacing is really fast and surprisingly quite easy to follow even though I have not read any Hellboy comics I did not felt like I am missing references from the movie.Hellboy is stupid fun and it will help release all the anger build up in your system as you watch all that drama unfold. And all your problems will not be so GIANT anymore!






OK, so the violence is a little gratuitous, but the staging is more true to the comic book. Hellboy is portrayed as the dark character he is in the comic book. The previous two films were directed at a different demo and were good in their own way. The characters in this one were, for the most part, in line with "The Wild Hunt". The post credit clips would indicate the possibility of an "Abe Sapien" involvement, as well as a Lobster Johnson crossover. Hey, you have to read the comic books to really understand the story plot. What the hell do critics want? Hellboy makes the right decision and kills the Blood Queen. This sets the stage for all the story arcs ending with Ragna Rok. CRITICS: Read the books!!!
Definitely better than the del toro era. Glad they did a reboot that's on par with the comics and with the world of Hellboy.






With so many reviews about this movie being awful, it honestly hurt my spirits for this movie. I have been for this since it was announced that they were making another one.I was hoping for Ron Perlman to come back for one last take on it because I like the original two. I enjoyed them with a passion, but I enjoyed this one too.It isn't as bad as people make it out to be. It's bloodier and rougher on the language, but it is still a great movie.Those of you who read this might already have mixed views on this take, but it is worthy watching! I highly recommend it to anyone who wants a darker take on this character. And Harbour makes the part his own. He part of the reason I loved this movie so much!






Hellboy (4 out of 5 stars).Hellboy is a dark superhero film that is a reboot to Guillermo del Toro's Hellboy movies which comes back in a bloodier, violent, and dark direction. I love Guillermo del Toro Hellboy movies which we did not get the third sequel it deserved. And Ron Perlman's performance as Hellboy was perfect. This reboot does not disappoint. It is darker, bloodier and gorier, and it delivers with its exciting action. It does lack the fun humor that the first two Hellboy movies had.This is a dark comic book character being brought to the big screen does serve the character a little justice with its dark version. This new Hellboy look is grimier. David Harbour does make a good choice to play the character. Yes, I still like Ron Perlman's take on the character. Harbour tries to bring the big bad red devil character while trying to be a wise trash talking hero. This new film story follows Nimue (Milla Jovovich) a blood witch that was destroyed long time ago by King Arthur. And in present time, a hog like creature is trying to revive and bring back Nimue. So she can take over the world. Hellboy and his organization of Bureau for Paranormal Research are trying to stop Nimue from destroying the world. It does have a flashback to make this an origin story of how Hellboy is brought into this world. Plus with some new surprises of characters we haven't seen before in other films. There is Alice (Sasha Lane) who is Hellboy's sidekick and has abilities she learns throughout the movie. Ben Daimio (Daniel Dae Kim) a military guy who can transform into a jaguar beast. Ian McShane plays Trevor who is like a father figure to Hellboy and he does a good job as well. Milla Jovovich is a good playing the villain as well. Sadly, Nimue and Hellboy climatic fight was brief and disappointing.The film does deliver a lot of bloody action sequences. This film is violent and gorier than the other movies. Almost looks like a gory video game with Hellboy facing against giants, demonic beasts, and witches. There are a few awesome action scenes with a great rock soundtrack during a few of those sequences. Do expect a lot of limbs being torn off from people and guts and gore splattering everywhere. Which works well for this type of film. Neil Marshall direction is darker and violent. It does lack the fun humor with the character. The script does take itself too serious which makes this film feel a little dull than the original movies. When it does try for the humor. It just becomes awkward and unfunny. Even Ian McShane narrative dialogue felt cheesy in the beginning of the film.Overall, Hellboy is a good film. It may lack the fun energy the original movies had. While this one delivers its darker, bloodier, and violent direction with Hellboy facing against monsters.






This version of hellboy is definitely better!!!! Its like watching wolverine rated pg cut paper really!!! Wolverine is bloody as hell! And I would rather see him use his weapon. This hellboy is rated R and love it!!!! If your a fan of gore and truth close to the novel this is the hellboy I would watch.






Folks, this is a fun popcorn flick, with lots of monsters, actions, gore and hellboy. What else were you expecting from this film? I swear, people (read: critics) over-analyse everything these days and forget that movies are sometimes just about having fun. And, stop comparing this one with the first two original films.I recommend this in a theatre.






Good movie fun action the lot way better than last two but everyone has there own opinions
I've never listened to anyone. So watch or don't






It seems we see the birth of a new movie gerne which critics hate, but fans & movie goers love. This movie is one of them and like Venom it isn't the best movie ever, but it also isn't even near as bad as the critics say it is. See it yourself and have some brainless, bloody fun.






Having only seen the 2nd Hellboy film back in '08 & starting to see posters dotting about my local about this film I was partially intrigued. From checking on the net if a 3rd Hellboy film was to be in the making, I wondered if this film was it, but it turned out from a Facebook post, that it was a remake or reboot.Now, I'm no fan of the series, nor have I read any of the comics, but I kind of have an idea of what the story of Hellboy is about. So I went in to this from hearing that it was 15+, had adult humour & gore, along with some horror elements! Which is my main reasoning for going in along with seeing the 2nd Hellboy film!The film is set in England Great Britain, so that was pretty appealing I think. But the film as a whole was epic! I mean like I said, not a fan, but the film is an example of what the DC Films should be about! The film was violent, dark & sinister with some pretty insane horror visuals! The story was simple enough, Hellboy finding out his true power & stopping the Blood Witch from plaguing Great Britain & the whole world. Though a bit confusing in other areas. But then I'm not a fan so.Slight hints of feminism were kind of a let down. The film kind of dragged a bit & could've been shorter. But that's the only criticisms I have for this film.Overall I think those snobby, middle class critics have got this one all wrong! The film was entertaining & pretty good watch! It's rare to have a film of the DC Universe so violent & laced with adult humour! There needs to be more films like this one! I bet they would enjoy those crappy Avengers Films or films which aren't half as entertaining as this cos they're paid or bigotry to what the find great & want everyone else to follow like sheep! RT can go do one! 15% is stupidly low for a film that deserves a least over the 60% mark!Overall a great watch! 9/10
I got a free ticket and was not looking forward to go see this movie. It never really got my attention but boy was i wrong! It surprised me and I am now a new fan. I liked that the movie did not take itself seriously. It was fun , the effects were efficient , the acting was on point and the character likeable. It didn't feel forced or trying to be something that it was not. Which is refreshing in today 's movies. If you want just a fun and entertaining flick. This is it! I didnt want it to end...and that says a lot!






This movie was awesome from beginning to end. Hellboy is a great character with a wicked sense of humor. It's a fun action horror movie with blood, gore, and tons of amazing monsters! Baba Yaga was my favorite. She'll definitely cause a few nightmares!






I was looking forward to see the movie. On my way to the cinema, I was reading the reviews. I was shocked to see how many negative feedback it got that time. I was in dillemma whether to turn around and go back home, just forget about the movie. But then in my mind, "Ah, the hell with it". I drove straight to the cinema with no more second thoughs. YOLO. After watching it, damn that was the greatest decision ive ever made, no regrets and no guilt at all. I watched all the way through until the end. I love this version of Hellboy! not that I dont like the Del Toro version of it. Just act at it as a whole new take to the hellboy series. Love the GORE! Humor and the action! I just dont understand why the hate and bad review! of course the del toro version is a 11/10 for me but still. Im entertained and enjoyed the movie!
Hell-A-Fun! Indeed!






Great plot better than avengers
On par with batman vs superman which is great very great
The 6 months later scene should of been how the whole movie should of been, with the music and the action. Less CGI to, there were parts that were kind of cheesy. But I enjoyed it and true to the comic style.






Once you get used to the fact it's not del toro & pearlman ...
it a pretty cool movie
Hellboy fans won't be disappointed!
Hope they carry it on






I'm gonna say it right now: This Movie is REALLY Accurate to the Spirit of the Comics. Even though this Movie LOOKS Bad, I'm getting really Tired of all the negative reviews and low Rotten Tomatoes Scores. Did I see a completely different Movie? Yes, I guess you could say that judging from my Review and everyone else's Review.
This Review is gonna be from a HUGE Long-time Hellboy Fan who knows and cares about the Character. Now albeit that Del Toro's Version was more funner in terms of Character Design and Hellboy in that Movie looked more Handsomer in that Movie. Now, the Hellboy in this Movie looks kinda off mostly because he's supposed to be a literal Demon from Hell and they took that turn a bit TOO Seriously. This might be the reason why this Movie is turning everyone off for some reason. Also, this Movie was such a Fun Bloody Good Time from Start to Finish.
The Story that the Movie is based on is still to this day one of my Favorite Hellboy Stories And It truly shows the true nature and full strength of the Character. The Character Himself is supposed to be this sorta funny Character that has a few one-liners. And in this Movie, he's taken very literally and the Actor himself said he had a fun time playing as this Character. And YES, I know that you all want the Old Actor Back because he's MEANT to be Hellboy. But, that doesn't mean you can't give other actors a chance to play this Character and the hate around this new actor is just so annoying.
The other thing that I love mostly about this film is the Monsters and the Bloody Violence. Now, I'm mostly one for seeing a lot of Blood in Movies and I don't mind if it takes an Edgy approach. ONLY, if it's done right though, and this Movie is havin' Blood Splatter all over the place and it feels like I'm watching an Anime at times. And I'm also satisfied with the brutal glory kills that Hellboy delivers to everyone who is his enemy. That final act in particular was so fun and satisfying seeing Hellboy show off his full engaging Strength and why he's so powerful.
In the end, as a LONG-Time Hellboy Fan, this Movie was great and it was fun and entertaining. There are multiple scenes in this Movie where it is well-designed and well-directed. But don't expect any Oscar-Winning Writing nor Oscar-Winning Voice Acting. Go out and see this Movie, if you Love Hellboy and if you think he's one of the best Characters ever Created!
I'm gonna give two Verdicts for this Movie: both as a Hellboy Fan and as a Movie Fan.Verdict (from a Hellboy Fan's Perspective): 8/10!Verdict (from a Movie Fan's Perspective): 7/10!






Guillermo del Toro's films are very good but this film is much more related to comics






Good use of comic lore, humor and blood, perfect trifecta






Every part of the movie was great. The movie was very creative and graphics were on point. Do not compare this movie to the previous hellboy. This movie did a good job in not prolonging who hellboy is. The gore was crazy and the f bombs were great.Why not watch it?I waited such a long time since little for another hellboy to come out. This movie was maaaaad fuuuuunnnn to watch. This movie satisfied my taste buds. 👍






Really enjoyed this movie. Was expecting a really bad movie because of the critics and low rating on here, but it was really entertaining and glad I went to see it.






This new Hellboy reboot movie has a lot of negative reviews, but I enjoyed myself.There's a lot of humor and action scenes in this. Gorehounds will be pleased to know that the R-rating is well deserved. They really run with the supernatural/fantasy elements and there's some pretty memorable visual moments.I've heard a lot of complaints that there is too much going and the movie is choppy. I admit they crunch a lot of stuff in but in fairness, that's not too different than the Hellboy comics. Creator Mike Mignola often fits a lot of separate elements into a single story. (Let's be honest, he's more of an idea guy, than a planning guy.) Personally, I liked that this had a lot of things going on. Say what you will about this movie, but it never gets slow. Even though it's a kinda complex plot, I never got lost or confused about what was happening.Rumor has it that there was a lot of behind-the-scenes conflict between director Neil Marshall (The Descent; Dog Soldiers) and the film's many producers. And, I can sort of see it. The beginning exposition feels like it was abridged and had a narration slapped on. It felt like in order to make things funnier, there was a lot of recorded dialogue added after filming which was a wee bit noticeable. (Though in fairness to the added dialogue, I may have been looking for it since I heard about the editing issues ahead of time. I'm also aware that now I've told you about it that you could probably be looking for it too and you may not have noticed otherwise. Sorry.) They finally manage to include a Hellboy character that a lot of fans of the comics will be happy about, but he or she is so wedged in that it doesn't feel quite natural.I loved some of the creature designs in this. The movie includes some pretty creepy monsters. Unfortunately, this is a Millennium film and the budget isn't as big as a lot of the other comic book blockbusters out there. The computer graphics for the monsters are subpar. (A quick look at Hellboy is cut mercifully quick as it is so bad.) The quality just doesn't match the earlier Hellboy films, which are several years old.David Harbour does a good job as the titular Hellboy. Admittedly, Ron Perlman does a better job of the human, emotional side of Hellboy, but Harbour is definitely funnier. Actually, the full cast is good. Comics fans will be disappointed that main players Abe Sapien and Liz Sherman aren't in this at all. But I credit the creators for trying to separate this from the original films. Hellboy's new partners in crime Alice Monaghan (Sasha Lane) and Major Ben Daimio (Daniel Dae KIm) are pretty likable. (Though I admit that Alice doesn't have much of a story arc and reason to hang around other than to repay a debt to Hellboy.) Ian McShane's Professor Broom, Hellboy's tough love foster father, is a real change of pace from the scholarly figure from the comics and other films, but it's fun to see the actor chew the scenery.The best thing I can compare this to is the Constantine movie with Keanu Reeves. It's not a perfect product in the grand scheme, but there's enough fun individual parts that I was pleased. (FYI, be sure to stay through the credits.)






We had a dad and his 10 year old boy behind us. Fail. Between the tearing bodies in half and the eating children's hands for a snack it was shockingly gory. The movie wasn't as good as the original but about on par with the second one. The music kicked arse. The new guy does a good job although he often mumbled and the group I was with didn't know what he was saying. It was in-your-face gore with blood and guts everywhere. Overall a fun ride for adults only.






While it has some cheesy "superhero" jokes, I found hellboy to be quite good.
I have read some or the comics and my girlfriend hadn't and we followed along the plot just fine.
I think if you don't compare it to the old hellboy you'll love it, it's definitely closer to the lore too.






Walking into the new Hellboy reboot, I knew exactly what I wanted, and Neil Marshall delivered just that. Is it different than the del Toro films which are excellent in their own right? Yes, but the film stays faithful to the comics and basks in its own gleeful take on what it means to be human, and more importantly- an outsider. Hellboy reads like a fun, rowdy, anti-hero movie with tons of gore and dark humor. David Harbour and Milla Jovovich bring especially memorable performances. If you know what you're in for, and love movies that put a unique spin on overstuffed genres, you won't regret seeing this!!!






I just went and saw Hellboy with no introduction (haven't seen the other two, or any comics) and I just can't stop thinking about it. My only wish is to just go watch it again. Music is a main factor for me and this one's soundtrack didn't disappoint at all. The film in itself gives that roller-coaster feeling, and it's great someone brought the unseen world to life. I loved all the Wiccan and Pagan in it, and I'm very much curious to find out whose voice we are hearing at the very end (gotta sit all through the credit lines, as the middle one is not the last one) - I'd love to be Dracula's, but Rasputin's wouldn't mind me at all!






Absolutely fantastic, fun, and exciting. I am hoping for a sequel though it doesn't look good for that to happen. It is so fun I loved every minute of it.






Although the trailer & even poster had more spoilers than you could possibly believe, & the casting switch takes a bit to get used to, this new 'soft' reboot IS Hellboy in EVERY WAY, SHAPE & FORM!
Even without Del Toros creature shop, the digital characters & translations from the Hellboy comic were on point, interesting & terrifying.
The R rating, is probably the movies biggest flaw- excess swearing & SUPER graphic violence seem unnecessary & is probably a box office mistake for a paranormal action movie that kids would absolutely love.
Except for the origin briefly retold, it seems like JUST another great Hellboy adventure more than a reboot, being so close to the first two movies that Del Toro & Pearlman could EASILY come back with a sequel in a years' time & it not hurt whatsoever.
While skeptical to begin with I completely warmed up to it in very short time- fun, gross, crazy & very likable.






Took my adult kids with me to see Hellboy. Everyone was ready to hate it, especially my son who's super critical. What we got was an excellent movie! David was AMAZING as the Right hand of Doom, & the best part of the movie by far. Go see it, support the comics or we wobt get another PERIOD.






Don't listen the the bad reviews,just go and watch the movie and thanks me later.






A good movie, a bad movie. I felt somehow that I should choose a side - or Del Toro's adaptation or this one. Well - I like both. This one is gory - but this is what Hellboy's world build by Mike looks like.Here is my opinion:
1. I read the reviews - both positive and negative.
2. I went to see it and to decide for myself.
3. I like it. Most of it - Baba Yaga part.It was wow - everything - character design, environment, performance, CGI.... It was ... different, scary but absolutely love it. I don't know how to explain it well without spoilers. You should see this on a big screen, guys.






Bing a huge fan of the past hellboy movies, I still loved this one! At no point in the movie was I not entertained. I feel the average rating of 5.5 is unfair for this movie for sure.






On par with Ron pearlman hellboy. Fantastical monsters, good humour, great special effects. Well worth a look.






While I do admit this movie can't truly beat Del Toro and Ron Perlman, but David Harbour does deliver a performance that in my opinion is more faithful to the comics, (For Hellboy is portrayed as having a adolescent like mindset) Now to be honest I feel like a few people in the Movie Theater didn't knew too much about what was going on, mainly because they should do a little research into the comics, But overall this movie is a nice addition to the franchise.






Vampires, luchadors, giants, seers, etc. plus great action and effects. Interesting story placing Hellboy into a historical context beyond Nazis. Very well cast. Milla Jovovich is a great villain.






Loved it. Super fun movie that stays mostly true to the beloved source.Lot of fake reviews and self-important critics bashing because that's what bullies do.But you're not gonna listen to them are you? You can think for yourself, right?Was Del Torro/Perlman's Hellboy better? Maybe...Is this better than the rest of the cookie cutter snoozers out there? Most assuredly.10/10 to compensate for the storm troopers






It's a 8.5/10 film, but I gave it a 10 becouse of poor reviews.
I'll start with bad things regarding this movie: casting sasha lane as Alice was a shot in the leg by production team. And on that, bad things end. Everything else was well done. This is one action packed, gore packed and humor packed film with monsters, creatures, shapeshifters, witches, fairies, demons and king Arthur and somehow, everything works! Everything is in place and in harmony with oneanother. This was always a tricky thing when you have that many thing to put in two hour long film, but Marshall is a directing gem and was able to do that with an ease. Performance of Harbour as Hellboy is masterfully done and was a great casting choice, as well as suporting actors (Jovovich, Dae Kim and McShane).But, if you want to compare this film to del Toros one, just don't. It's a complitly different kind of movie, for start, 2019 version is a R-rated film and with that, it's not a fairy-tale, but a correct representation of a comic. On the matter of looks, this version looks at least as good as del Toro's film, but on a smaller budget. Even a performence of Harbour as Hellboy surpasses the one of Perlman.
Don't get me wrong, I like the "old" films, a lot, but I think that this film is better in anyway.If you want compare this movie with other films made by Marshall, it goes hand in hand with Dog soldiers and The Descent, and that are great movies.
Unfortunetly, this film apparently missing an "marvel" logo to get a higher ratings. But if you don't want to watch this film based on poor reviews, you're missing "hell of ride", becouse is better than any marvel film and it is great film in general.






This movie saga or series one of my favorites... since first on paper magazine & first movie was made & I ran to attend its premiere opening and on the best & biggest movie screen theater and closest to my first purchased home & in lovely time when jobs flourished & all markets profit & family homes & mortgages survive with a great interest rate & on downward slope until a stock market crash change all of Orange County!Now, it seems to be returning A Low so low and when movie companies throw at us several big movies in the same week.... How can HELLBOY and other big movies survive, when WE HAVE only enough money now to choise only one?So, do we go see the one we've been following & love... including the actors or movie stars we adore & gravitate to their art skills & the storms of beauty & talent god gave them... or do we go see the new girl or boy (man or woman?) STAR that may be rising.... and the new movie or new or old new story we know from reading Comics or Book store - Bestsellers & again now evolved into a new release & new movie premiere & will interrupt our decision again with old friends we love next door show, just like our fav.Hellboy!!!When WILL IT end... When does it get better...Frustrated Mr. B.
Recently Retired & Great Movies Fan.






A must watch movie for the comic book fans out there. It feel like your watching the comic books. Yeah it some what true about the CGI it's not the best but still really good. If you haven't read the comics yet please do so before the movie PLEASE!






I'm not getting the low score. This is a really fun movie with lots going on. Seriously enjoyed this. It's a new Hellboy movie, what's not to like.






It was fun, and i want to see more in the future, I dont know why have so many bad reviews, is a great movie!






Hellboy, was AWESOME, KICKASS, THRILLING, angry joe!!! Hellboy, was everything that Lara Croft, Venom, Suicide squad, Virus, Spider Verse, Ant-Man, Solo, The Shape of Water, Blade Runner 2049, The Mummy, The Dark Tower, VALERIAN, Wonder Woman,
and the Avengers should have been... Hellboy, is not a sensitive, feely, cupcake, or SNOWFLAKE, movie... Thank God, somebody restored my faith in movie making cinema!!!






I thoroughly like the HellBoy movies, and this one is no different. It's a very entertaining trip to the movies. This movie does have more gore than the original two, but all the elements are there. Some great laughs, terrific action, and well acted. The scenes are incredible! A fun way to spend a couple hours at the movies.






Film was great! Lots of monsters and demons.. David played it great, fantastic soundtrack, lots of violence and gore, lots of action what's not to like?The people who didn't like this obviously don't like the genre, so they no nothing about real films.These are the people that said twilight saga was great haha don't make laugh.As a huge fan of Del Toro's film I thought this was on par, I loved it!






I went to this movie with high expactasions, I came back and I was right, the movie was very good, the action, the comedy, the cgi it was all perfect. I liked the fact that they sticked to the comics. So dont listen the critics just go and see it!






Non-stop action. Heavy Harbour. Horror. Maleficent Milla. Monsters. Diamond Dae Kim. Darkness. Charming Haden Church. Gore! This movie is an absolute fun to watch. Forget about the R-rating and leave the previous Hellboy movies to rest in peace. Harbour's Hellboy has his own face, voice, jokes and hellish attitude. He owns both worlds - down below and right here. You will love him! A new cult movie was born tonight!






I had stumbled across the negative reviews before i went to watch the movie while looking up a recap on the previous movies and went into the movie not expecting much. I felt it delivered in true Hellboy fashion and changed my negatively primed mind. Go watch it...






I have read and seen Hellboy previously. I liked how they really brought out what Hellboy is all about to me, blood, hell demons and dark humour. Yes it is very fast paced but honestly if you have seen the previous Hellboy movies (or cartoons) you are really not going to care a lot. It made me laugh and go oh when people were being ripped apart by 6 story demons. All and all I got what I paid to see.Also, seeing Hellboy with his fully grown horns, Excalibur in his hand and a massive glowing crown floating above his head is what we all really wanna see. Yes there is an end credit scene. Be sure to stay for a familiar face ;)))).






Fun from start till the end! I honestly don't get people who whine about everything in every film.Pure fun. :D See ya soon, I hope!






