I was a person that saw all the hype and claims of masterpiece as overreacting and overblown excitement for another Joker based film. I thought this looked solid at best and even a bit too pretentious in the trailer, but in here to say I was incredibly wrong. This is a massive achievement of cinema that's extremely rare in a day and age of cgi nonsense and reboots. While this is somewhat of a reboot of sorts, the standalone origin tale is impeccable from start to finish and echoes resemblance to the best joker origin comics from the past. Joaquin bleeds, sweats, and cries his every drop into this magnificently dedicated performance. Heath Ledger would be proud. This is undoubtedly the greatest acting performance since Heath's joker. The directing and writing is slickly brilliant and the bleak settings and tones are palpable throughout. When this film was over the place was blown away and every audience member was awestruck that they witnessed a film that could still transport them into a character's world and very existence. Believe the hype. This is going to be revered as a transcending masterpiece of cinema.






Every once in a while a movie comes, that truly makes an impact. Joaquin's performance and scenography in all it's brilliance. Grotesque, haunting and cringy. Hard to watch at times,... but so mesmerizing, you won't blink an eye watching it. Tragic, but with seriously funny moments. Emotional rollercoaster - sometimes, with multiple emotions popping-up at the same time.this is far from a typical action-riddled predictable super-hero movie - it's a proper psychological thriller/drama, with the single best character development I have ever seen.






This is a movie that only those who have felt alone and isolated can truly relate to it. You understand the motive and you feel sorry for the character. A lot of people will see this movie and think that it encourages violence. But truly, this movie should encourage each and every one of us to become a better person, treat everyone with respect and make each other feel like they belong in this world, instead of making them feel isolated.






Truly a masterpiece, The Best film of 2019, one of the Best films of the decade... And TRULY the Best film to bring a comic book so chillingly and realistically to real ife.
Remarkable Direction, Cinematography, Music and the Acting.
I don't understand why critics are surprised to find it DISTURBING and VIOLENT, when the title character is infamous for it and fans were already rooting for this.
OSCARS are on their way!






Most of the time movies are anticipated like this they end up falling short, way short. Joker is the first time I was more than happy with the hype. Please ignore the complaints of "pernicious violence" as they are embarrassing to say the least. We haven't seen a comic movie this real before. If we ever "deserved" a better class of criminal - Phillips and Phoenix have delivered. This is dark, Joker IS dark and you will fall in love with the villain as you should. The bad guys are always more romantic anyway.






Joaquin Phoenix gives a tour de force performance, fearless and stunning in its emotional depth and physicality. It's impossible to talk about this without referencing Heath Ledger's Oscar-winning performance from The Dark Knight, widely considered the definitive live-action portrayal of the Joker, so let's talk about it. The fact is, everyone is going to be stunned by what Phoenix accomplishes, because it's what many thought impossible - a portrayal that matches and potentially exceeds that of The Dark Knight's Clown Prince of Crime






Let me start off by saying if Joaquin Phoneix doesn't get his Oscar for this movie. Then the Oscars should be cancelled. Phoneix is amazing as you might've heard from every review ever! But Todd Phillips. Is at his best here. The story lines he takes and visuals are just breathtaking. The score!! Omg the Score! Every time that score came on, I felt very uncomfortable, like something horrible was about to happen. It was GREAT. The Inspirations from Taxi Driver and King of Comedy are there, and add so much for the movie. And I got to be honest. There are scenes that are very violent. And its disturbing. But I honestly expected it to be WAYYYY more violent from all the controversy going on. Overall this movie was GREAT. Come Oscar season, it needs to be nominated for Best Picture, ScreenPlay, Cinematography, Actor, Score and Director






I get why some people hate this . It's because of the political message and how some people think that you need get empathy for Arthur's madness. But come on that is not the point and it will never be. Enjoy this masterpiece because Joaquin Phoenix and Todd Phillips overdid themselves with this movie . The acting,music and cinematography are just amazing ! Please enjoy the movie without overthinking it.






I have seen Joker yesterday at Venice an early ill-fated screening. We had some trouble with audio that lead to a near-hour delay, but it definitely was worth it.Joker deserved to be presented at Venice Film Festival, an event that regards cinema as a form of art, because this film is far from a blockbuster or a mere entertainer movie, as most films in the genre are.It focuses on the psyche of the main character, as it slowly crumbles under the pressure of society. And thus, Joaquin Phoenix does a wonderful performance, earning almost surely a nomination at the oscars at least.
It's a take on the Joker that differs from Ledger's, but I'd say that both are equally as good. The main difference might be that Ledger's joker is a rational that acts insane, while Phoenix's is insane to the root.Despite being a movie about a superhero villain, Joker is much superior to most of the movies of the genre (I'd exclude the Dark Knight Trilogy only, but Joker is easily as good as Nolan's movies, or at least very close). It is a small-scaled film, with a distinct style and cinematography (that cannot but be appreciated) and a set of very cinephile references that however do not feel too forced or overly opressive. (most notable are the similarities to Scorsese's 'Taxi Driver' and his 'The King of Comedy', but also Chaplin's 'Modern Times' is somewhat referenced).I am eager to see more non-comedic efforts by Todd Phillips. This movie was so far probably the best of 2019 (at worst contested so far only by Dolor Y Gloria or Once Upon a Time in Hollywood), and that should be very convincing.






It's sad that Joaquin missed Oscar for 'The gladiator' as he was very compelling Villain. But I am quite confident he will win it for the 'Joker'. Damn what a movie !!! Keeps u on the toes all the time. Unpredictable storyline and really a deep interesting plot. Did I forget to mention acting ? Damn Do niro and Joaquin teach u what really is 5 star acting.
To enjoy this movie, get a wine in your hand, close the curtains, turn of ur cellphones and put do not disturb sign on ur door. Best Dark thriller suspense movie you will get to experience.






I have just watched the Joker in Venice and I will say if Joaquin doesn't get an Oscar this year then something is wrong with this world. This perfomance is just jaw-dropping, it glues you to the screen and doesn't let go till the end. Story is very good and has some interesting connections with Batman lore(especially one you can't guess from trailers). There are some scenes that are so tense ,well-acted and imaginative that push this movie to 10. Cinematography and direction are great, Todd has proven himself as a director. Robert is also good in his "small" role. Will definitely see it again as soon as it out in October.
This movie causes the audience to consider many topics on morality, particularly the poor choices made by the Joker. The Joker is more relatable in this movie than antagonists usually are. I think this gives a more realistic view of "bad" people, who are not usually 100% bad in all ways as society often judges. It is important to know when to sympathize with the Joker (towards the beginning of the movie), and when he needs to be identified as a threat (when he begins making certain bad choices). This movie is only suitable for adults who are willing to pick it apart and think critically about it. It isn't for light amusement. That substance is what makes it so good.If you aren't able to ponder underlying themes on your own, and you have to be handed all your thoughts to you, then this isn't the best movie for you.






The acting, cinematography, sound design, and the script itself is phenomenal. This movie is a triumph. Joaquin Pheonix deserves an Oscar win for this tbh.






I will stop watching movies if Joaquin Phoenix is not awarded Oscar for his tremendous acting.






The movie affects you in a way that makes it physically painful to experience, but in a good way.






I quit relying on critic reviews years ago... I noticed for this movie that the critics ratings were low but viewer ratings were high. That being said, what is the point of a critic when for this movie, they are oh so wrong.
I went and saw this tonite with my mom. I went in skeptical and w some what low expectations. I knew not to expect your typical super hero movie.
What we got was a masterpiece. I went in expecting sheer boredom and I was instead on the edge of my seat the whole time. Not action edge of your seat, it was a fear of what he may do or say next edge of your seat. To see this character evolve into what we all know as the #1 villain of Batman was beyond genius and Joaquin Phoenix is a true master at perfecting the art of consuming himself into this character. I may be all over the place with this but I don't care. This movie, the story, the acting, directing, effects, everyone brought their A game and JP definitely deserves a nod and win for this role. And no, there is no comparison here to Jack Nicholson or Heath Ledger. Each actor took on this character and different levels, different story points and different points in time, so any comparison would just not be feasible or fair to any of the actors as they embraced him and made him come to life in their own genius way!






Need I say more? Everything about this Movie is Masterful in every single way! Joker isn't just an awesome comic book movie, it's an awesome movie, period. It offers no easy answers to the unsettling questions it raises about a cruel society in decline. Joaquin Phoenix's fully committed performance and Todd Phillips' masterful albeit loose reinvention of the DC source material make Joker a film that should leave comic book fans and non-fans alike disturbed and moved in all the right ways.






There is no doubt that the movie was well thought of - from the plot to execution. I must praise Phoenix's superb acting. He managed to portray very believably the awkward social reject and also the crazy murderer that he became. I really think it's a role only few could do. It was also very interesting to watch how he deteriorated mentally and little by little gave up on trying to fit into society. Gotta hand it to the script writer - the plot was unpredictable.But...There wasn't anything too complex about Arthur's mental state. No deep psychological analysis, or a web of many deep factors that created a one of a kind psychotic maniac. Could it be that I was expecting too much? Very possible since I came with very high expectations after reading some reviews.
What doesn't have anything with expectations is that at the end he didn't remind much of the original Joker. He felt more like a simply society reject that went completely crazy and started killing people. Not that much different from many other serial killers or mass murderers. He didn't have the master mind that so much designated the Joker and made him different from a simple murderer.
Another thing is that there were long parts of the movie that felt very dull.
Also I found it hard to buy the reason behind the riots in the city and the role the Joker played in them. Even if taken into account that the poverty and anger was cooking for a long time in that society, it still feels somewhat absurd that killing three people in the subway made the joker so notorious.
In conclusion, I can identify with the character which gave me a lasting impression of the movie, and this movie could have been very great if it was a movie about how a person that's rejected by society turns slowly into a serial killer. But as a movie about the Joker I felt it was lacking. Lacking the things that made the Joker actually the Joker, and not just another crazy murderer.
Joaquin Phoenix IS the joker. Phoenix gave a performance that felt like a mixture of Heath Ledger's joker, Jack Nicholson's joker, and Alex in A Clockwork Orange:Overall, this movie was a trip to say the least. Cinematography was very good, and the soundtrack set the perfect mood for the film for the most part. The acting and plot are what sold it though. Phoenix made me forget that the character was one I had seen before in other movies. His performance mixed with the overall feel and plot of the movie made me leave the theater feeling like I too had just taken a descent into madness.I've never been a very big fan of superhero movies so I was a little weary going into the movie, but this had absolutely nothing to do with anything superhero related other than the characters. I loved this movie and will definitely see it again. It was just what I hoped it would be.
Joker is directed by Todd Philips and stars Joaquin Phoenix as Arthur Fleck, a man disregarded and thrown out of society.We live in an era in which formulaic comic book movies are more and more common. Joker not only proves that you can make a comic book movie without a villain but also proves that comic book movies can be used as psychological studies reflecting on how our society views and treats mental health issues of certain individuals.If I had to describe Joaquin Phoenix as the Joker in one word it would be mesmerising. His take on the iconic comic book character is filled with emotional depth to the point where it's almost painful to watch and flawlessly realistic making it one of the best performances of the decade.The cinematography is also something to note. It is full of gorgeous shots with a beautiful colour palette making it's shot composition and structure heavily differ from most comic book films.The score is very minimalistic but every time it comes on it feels unsettling and haunting which adds to the suspense of the story.My biggest and only issue with Joker is that it's too inspired by Scorsese's King of Comedy and Taxi Driver making the majority of the film predictable. However, making it predictable didn't take away much from its quality and only made it more unsettling because we can see the degradation of Joker's mind before it happens making this film more depressing.I wouldn't really call Joker a comic book movie. Yes, it's based on a comic book and depicts arguably the most iconic comic book character of all time, but it stands alone among dozens of its predecessors as a psychological drama that reflects on society and its issues rather than a fantasy world.Overall, Joker is a brilliant take on the character, however, it's not for the faint of heart or narrow-minded and prejudiced people.Final Grade - 9/10






Do not really understand all the tens here. Sure, a good movie, good acting, nice shooting. But the plot is not so intriguing. At times it is really long and somewhat boring. I needed to double-check the genre to see if this is a drama or what. Crime, drama, thriller it said. I would put it maybe 90% in the drama and rest in thriller.I miss more dialogue, more depth, more substance. The plot is really not more then a somewhat crazy person becoming a bit crazier. Sure there is an undertone in that it is society and the system and the mean character of people that is bringing him down and creating the evil beast which later wants to destroy everything. Absolutely, but I think it is not intriguing story and plot and dialogue enough to give this a ten.Worthy of watching, yes. But not amazing






I thought this film was good but I just don't get the hype personally. The acting was amazing and the film was good overall but I think 'masterpiece' and 'film of the year' are a bit overused throughout the reviews. In no way did I dislike this film, I thought it was really good, just overhyped. I feel as though a lot of the 10/10 reviews are purely based on the fact that it already has amazing reviews and so people want to carry the praise further and that it is about the joker. If this film was released and was about some random guy in the same situation, I don't think the reviews would be as high but maybe that's the point.






Joaquin Phoenix gives Heath Ledger a run for his money, true story. This is not a popcorn fluff comic book flick. DO NOT TAKE YOUR KIDS TO SEE THIS MOVIE. Shut down all ballots for the Oscar, Joaquin is taking that one home hands down. One of the best origin stories EVER put out. The only downside to this movie, is that it is a stand alone film that will have no sequels or ties to the DC Universe. Todd Philips take on the Joker is one of pure brilliance and Joaquin Phoenix was the Joker we deserved. He didn't steal from Jack or Heath but yet you got a taste of both.






I went into this film expecting an all-time classic based on the reviews I had read & what I ended up watching was just a decent film overall. Phoenix is outstanding...so he definitely did his part. But I feel like if you've seen the trailers you've seen the movie because the best way I can describe this film is it feels like a 2 hour version of the trailer. At 2 hours it's a relatively common runtime, but it felt a lot longer...which isn't good. I'd say this is much more of a rental than a theater movie. Kinda just....eh.






The music. The intense. The realism. The performance. The story. Such a perfect combination of everything. I never felt that a character like joker could be real until I saw this. Phoenix shows us what a joker is in our society and shows us how power can be obtained. Philips on the other hand had the perfect choice of music, camera angles, lighting and every important factor. Overall, I did not expect the story to be this perfect. Too many shocking turns happened and it really does represent today's society. If I was in the first screening, I would have applauded for 80 min not 8.






Joaquin' portrayal of a sociopathic, mentally unstable man's transformation to the iconic Joker was non other than a grippingly accurate, realistic and touching rendition. A dark and disturbing character piece led by an Oscar worthy performance by Joaquin Phoenix. You really do feel bad for this guy, which makes it all the more heartbreaking when he inevitably becomes the clown prince of crime we all know and love, although we've never seen him like this. We see him suffer throughout the movie to the point we're almost rooting for himk to become a mass murdering psyco clown, because that at least will make feel better; then it happens and we just wish this could have all just been avoided, because es so messed up. We feel for him and care about him. By the time he's the joker, we wish we could've helped him. There's a lot of great nods to the greater Batman universe, yet the movie is a self contained character piece. That can only be the mark of a great movie. All the acting is great, the plot (while similar to Taxi Driver) is brilliant and the quality of the movie shows you don't need CGI super powers to be a great villain in a Superhero movie. Is a joke not everyone gets. This movie is "the rise of the Joker!" 10/10






In an era of cinema so saturated with superheroes and gritty remakes, Todd Phillips and Phoenix somehow take a character so deeply intrenched in pop culture and create something compelling and unique. This film is unafraid to be bleak and scary without offering much to the viewer as a means of comfort. The only way we can deal with the harsh cruelties of the world is by treating it as a joke. Upon leaving this movie, you will not hate Joker, you will hate the world that made him.Phoenix simply cannot be praised enough. He brings both sympathy and tragedy in the way he moves his eyes, the way he contorts his shoulders, the way he laughs. A lesser actor would be unable to swing his moods from as far extremes as Phoenix does nor add the layers that Phoenix intricately builds for his character. The way he twists and writhes his body is mesmerizing and brings even more tragedy to the Joker. This is Phoenix's movie.As for the technical side, this movie is far different than any other super hero films of recent years. The cinematographer and director choose a shallow focus, giving Pheonix a) the undivided attention of the viewer and b) a more personal feel to the film. There are wide shots with deep focus, but they are used sparingly because this movie is about a character, not action or explosions. The color palette of this movie is intentionally composed of dour greens, blues and tepid yellows--- all of which gives the world a sickly feel. The soundtrack is used affectively, bringing waves of optimism to intentionally clash with our protagonist's angry depression. This film will likely be compared to The Dark Knight and DCEU films, which I don't find to be fair. This film is far more akin to The Machinist and The King of Comedy in tone and visual style.I recommend this film, and I think anything short of an Oscar nomination for Phoenix would be disrespectful to the effort he gives. However, I have one gripe I would like to voice. I found the tie-ins to the Wayne family to be unnecessary. It came across as pandering to an audience that loves Easter eggs more-so than the story itself. In my opinion, I think the story would have worked even better if it had distanced itself from the Batman story. Other than that, I had little issue with the rest of the film.Joker is a movie that tells us life is full of sadness, and then gives us a character whose purpose is to spread laughter and joy. I was going to finish this review with a joke, but, you wouldn't get it.
When I heard everyone saying that this is the film of the year and all the reviews flooding in with 10's, I was quite hyped and excited for this movie. When I walked out of the cinema, I felt hollow and empty.Before I continue writing, let me say this, This is NOT the film of the year nor is it a real masterpiece. The cinematography is excellent and the acting is incredible, that's just it. The side-characters are bland and overly dramatic. The plot heavily relies on plot-twists and the film is so harsh that it actually falls flat on it's face.Are there no good points though? Phoenix is phenomenal and the score is great. The cinematography is also incredible but the plot is not that great at all. It even has plot holes and scenes that left me empty.Film of the year? Nope.






The perfect portrait of a decline to insanity"
& Joaquin Phoenix portrays this flawlessly in a performance of a lifetime.
Choreographed impeccably by Todd Phillips & is nothing short of breathtaking.
The cinematography & backdrop ideology of such an original film for such a complex character is only complimented by the superb soundtrack & acting. A hauntingly beautiful film & A Definate 10/10.
Edit: Bring on part 2 plssssss!. We all want it!.






Phoenix convinces me that he has always meant to be the joker. The movie went beyond my expectations, so many emotions went through me these couple hours. I think because its rated R, Phoenix was able to unlock jokers full psychotic potential as the character he is meant to be. This was an AMAZING story, and it calls for more. And I mean a build up, a second movie, maybe one with batman? My hopes are too high at this point, but nevertheless, brilliant goddamn movie and THE BEST joker ever played hands down.






The pool does not need the money. They need the dignity and respect, coz that is what it takes to be a human. If you don't have that, money will only be a reminder of them being a "good boy". Like some politicians, they feel so frustrated when people from the lower class does not accept their funding champions. In this movie, through joker's life, I begin to get it.






I know this is an unpopular opinion, but honestly this movie is overrated and boring. 2 hours felt like 3 and a half.I don't buy the whole thing where he is invited to the show. The meta "standup" he made was extremely dull and boring. Then gets allowed to broadcast for that long without being interrupted, also being transported in the most shitty police-car ever after that, it's just not believeable enough to me.He also acted the same when he was on meds aswell as off, so that part didn't make sense either. The police must also be really not catching this guy faster after the homocide.It has some good parts but they can be boiled down to maybe 5 minutes.
Is this a movie I would watch again? Probably not.
10/10 Amazing story, Brilliant taking, magnificent cinematography.
Someone had to step out of the safe game played by Superhero movies and Joker movie does just that (also The Boys). Movie is gritty, real, insanely dark and sometime quite disturbing to people who don't want accept what's shown in the movie is a terrible reality we face everyday if refused a proper care.
Normally people start to compare the movie with one of the greatest like The Dark Knight and in acting wise to that of Heath ledger's Potrayal of joker.
I wouldn't say this movie is better that that or otherwise , but it will stand tall amongst the greatest like The Godfather, Taxi Driver, Citizen Kane, The Dark Knight.
Coming to the inevitable comparison of who's the better Joker? Heath or Joaquin. The answer is Both did a phenomenal job and the Joker character itself is fortunate to have being played by two greatest actors.
Definitely a top contender for Oscars. I personally think it would take away
1.Best Actor 2.Cinematography 3.Original score and if Once Upon a time in Hollywood loses in Make-up and hairstyling category it would definitely be to The Joker.






Still days after seeing it, I'm still stunned by this film. I was lucky enough to see this film at the night of August 31 at the 76th Venice International Film Festival with high anticipations, and I was blown away. Joaquin Phoenix's performance as the Joker was hands down the best of the entire year. His performance reminds me why we love to watch actors play other people, why performance is such an appreciated art form. His laugh, his movements and his slow transformation from Arthur Fleck, a wannabe stand up comedian to the crazy prince of thieves, the Joker, was a thing of beauty to watch. Anybody who's watching this film has to appreciate how Phoenix committed himself to this role, you don't see Phoenix on the screen, but the character of Joker. Joaquin Phoenix might has not topped Heath Ledgers Joker in my opinion, but damn was he close and he deserves every acting award possible.
The film offers a dark look of 1970s Gotham City; a dark, griddy atmosphere where there is no joy nor happiness in this world, and in many moments, the movie gave me instant "Taxi Driver" and "King of Comedy" vibes - two of Martin Scorsese's best films - without copying both films, but includes elements from both films like e.g. all the political tensions in the city are definitely borrowed from "Taxi Driver" and all the bits with the stand-up comedy from "The King of Comedy".
The film was a deep character study of a man with some psychological and health issues who simply wants to bring laughter to this world by performing as a clown in e.g. child's hospitals and performing as a stand-up comedian. But his mental health and this broken, sad, depressive society that doesn't know any joy, do not let him be the way he is and all the people around him see him as too weird/different and simply want to put him down; in the streets, in his workplace, at his mother's house etc. to the point where he simply finds a breaking point and loses his mind every day that goes by, which leads him to kill people and then become a symbol of terror and chaos towards the end. And at every moment something bad happens to Arthur Fleck - and yes, a whole lot of things happens in his life aka. to him throughout the film - you just feel sad for him, you mourn for him since he never seemed to have any intentions of harming people at first so that the audience exactly understands the things he does throughout the film. I'm not gonna go any further into plot details since the film's not yet out and I believe - even if it wouldn't have the name "Joker" in the title - that everybody should go and watch this film because we don't get such deep sophisticated character study films like this everyday - especially if such films gets mainstream attention. I enjoyed every second watching this character slowly falling apart.
Although I do think that the character of Zazie Beetz was totally useless and lead to nowhere, could have been easily cut out. That's probably my only negative with this film.
But still; it's a thought provoking masterpiece that has a lot to say - about the current situation of society -beyond being just a comic book movie. It offers a completely different take on the character of the Joker with some similarities to "The Killing Joke" with lots of surprising twists (one word: Wayne) that even connects it with the Batman comics and will leave you speechless. And half the greatness of this film is thanks to the great performance of Phoenix!
I'm gonna say this: the scene in the third act where the Joker appears live on TV at the Murray Franklin show - which was shown in the final trailer - blew me personally away, the tensions, the build up, Phoenix's greatness and even Robert De Niro's acting, was a heartbeat moment to me. Not spoiling it, but it's amazing. I can't wait to rewatch it when it comes out in October...Check it out as soon as it comes out! #Venice76
I was so hyped up to see this movie, loved the trailer, only movie I have wanted to watch in the cinema for a very long time.I watched it and was bored. the astectics were amazing, music was good, story and execution was meh. the performence of the joker was a good performence but people raving about this are driving me mad. either you have not seen many movies or I have seen too many. this movie was bang average and was actually boring. I was thinking about leaving half way through as I was bored out of my mind.I do not regret watching it but it is being so overhyped that I am so confused right now. I think it had a good premise but could have been so much more, so much more.Signs of a great movie is the repeat viewing of it or it moving you, did not move me whatsoever and I would not watch it again.I thought maybe people are getting paid to write good review but have actually met people who think it is the best movie ever.... OMGGGThis movie is bang average and way overhyped.
phenoix performence is good but as the story and execution is so bad, I feel he never even touched the higher spectrums of performence.I have experienced and seen worse in my life, if this made you feel, you are (i hate this word but have to use it) a snowflake. Please get off social media and live life.there is a real world out there.






Seriously, unbelievable. Dare I say better than Heath Ledger? If Joaquin Phoenix doesn't win the Oscar for best actor and 'Joker' doesn't win at the VERY least, best screenplay, it will be one of the biggest Oscar snubs of our time






Here, we have a broken man whose mental instability and illness is the catalyst for what Arthur Fleck eventually becomes, but I mean nowhere in this movie do we witness any kind of intellectual prowess, high intelligence, or even any miniscule reference to his wit and smarts to believe he has what it takes to become the Joker from the previous films.Also, there is merit to the theory that the whole entire movie was a dream playing out in his imagination, and he was conveying that to the psychiatrist the whole movie, which connects to the end since it starts with him meeting a psychiatrist and we know he was making things up by the revelations. In addition, there is no factuality to the idea that he was Thomas Wayne's lovechild. Joker is having a delusion of grandiose throughout the story, connecting himself to powerful people and situations, which would be a semi-trait of his narcissism, as well (although narcissism is far from his predominant psychological problems). I'd prefer this theory because it would explain why Fleck lacked any kind of pragmatism and intelligence we've come to expect throughout this movie.The Joker is playing the psychotherapist the whole time, making her feel sympathy and bad for him (as well as the audience), and that's the joke on her at the end, which enables him to kill her, too. This is Joker's own fantasy origin story, which has little validity.Go ahead and downvote, but there's no way this take on the Joker is intelligent and mentally competent enough to become Ledger's Joker.
While the trailers for this movie have may seemed like there was potential for an action packed movie, this movie, clearly before it came to theaters was intended to be a progressive character study. You shouldn't go into this movie expecting intense action or the joker we know of the past. This is a movie about how Arthur Fleck becomes the Joker.I have seen so many bad reviews about how boring or slow the movie is, but I believe it was utter perfection. The first part of the movie we begin to understand Arthur as a person. All of his interactions with everyone in his life, be it good or bad. The whole point of a character study is evolution. And this is far and away one of the greatest evolutions of a character I have ever seen in a movie.Joaquin Phoenix's performance is by far the best acting I have seen in a movie possibly in the last few decades. We see a challenged person be challenged by society and it completely breaks him down over time. And Joaquin isn't acting, he is evolving all throughout the movie. If anyone thinks he doesn't put on an Oscar winning performance, they're out of their effing mind. Yes, the movie is slow to start, but it has to be. We couldn't just jump into the joker and all the chaos. We need to know where it came from to begin with.The whole compilation of the movie is amazing. The complete Oscar deserving performance of Joaquin, the choreography, the cinematography, the score. Everything is in perfect harmony. While there may have been a lot of controversy surrounding this movie, the team put together a perfect movie and I pity those who can't appreciate the tears and sweat and emotion that went into making this movie.I have always been so one sided in my movie preferences between Marvel and DC. I feel like Marvel is sooo much better overall and most movies DC puts out are trash. But Joker is far and away my favorite comic movie. Even though it takes a completely different spin on comic movies. You have to appreciate the evolution to appreciate this movie. It's not an action movie, but it's really rips and tears at all the emotions in one movie while adding a wild suspenseful kick. No other comic book movie has done that before.






One of the best movies in these few years and 100% Oscar worthy
Joaquin Phoenix delivers one of the best performances I've ever scene






The recurring themes of so many of the 10 star reviews here should tell you a lot about this movie and its audience. If you can't get through a movie review without tossing in one or more claims that "THIS movie is so much better and smarter than YOUR superhero movie" (or even basing your entire review around this premise), then I hate to break it to you, but kid, you're nowhere near as intelligent and grown up as you think you are. This "my comic publisher is better than yours" BS should have been left behind on your grade school playground, it has absolutely no relevance to the quality of this movie, and your opinion of this movie should be considered highly suspect if you're in this group.I gotta say, if this movie was also your idea of the most perfect film ever made, you really need to get out more. Look, I get it. If you live in a safe little box where all you watch are superhero movies and mainstream blockbusters then I understand how exposure to themes like this for the first time would seem new and exciting to you, and I think we can all agree that this is probably the best DC Comics related movie in the last decade or so (though that's not a high bar to meet) and of course Joaquin Phoenix is a very talented actor, but stop and take a step back and look at this thing.Joker does indeed present a theme that is of importance to our society, that of the neglect and demonizing of the mentally ill to a degree that sometimes creates monsters which everyone around them should have seen coming a mile away if they hadn't been too busy looking away to avoid feeling uncomfortable. Unfortunately, reminding us all of the fact that this situation still exists is all this movie really has to say. It dances around important subjects like "HEY KIDS, CLASS INEQUALITY!", but then never offers any actual insight into them, usually because it's too busy making forced Batman references or dropping cringey little edgy moments like the "Don't smile" sign scene which seem to have been designed solely to have something for Hot Topic to print a new t-shirt of. Between that and every single plot twist being telegraphed so very far in advance because a lot of us have seen all these exact same twists so very many times before, I just wasn't impressed.Perhaps if this had been an actual stand-alone movie of its own instead of being shackled by its completely unnecessary ties to the Batman universe it could have done something more interesting with its themes. Don't get me wrong, I don't have any problem with superhero movies, but it just feels so gratuitous here, as if someone came up with this idea, pitched it to an executive, and was told "sounds great, but can you make it a Batman movie somehow?", and I'm sorry, but I'm just not into a movie trying to tell me a half-hearted, yet dead-serious speech about mental illness in modern society while simultaneously constantly reminding me that it's technically a superhero movie because $$$






BREAKING NEWS: Killer clowns are back! But this time they're not pranksters mimicking Pennywise to scare the sh*t out of people for viral memes; they're "incels" threatening to gun down everyone who chooses to take their date to this dour, depressing, demented movie.If this Joker were the one featured in Nolan's marvelously entertaining Dark Knight, I doubt any of your skinny lonely drugged-up psychos would be rushing to hail this guy as his hero and inspiration.Ledger's Joker is brilliant, manipulaitve, and consumed with an infectious, and sometimes charming, confidence. Phoenix's Joker is dumb, depressing, and insecure. Ledger makes things happen. Things happen to Phoenix. The Joker controls events in Dark Knight. Events spiral out of control in Joker.There is no fun in this movie, no great action set pieces, no hint of hope or optimism. It's a two hour slog of watching a miserable man drive himself insane until he starts murdering people. Then seemingly everyone goes insane because "they've had enough!"Change the name of this movie to Arthur, eliminate the very few references to the Batman universe, and I doubt you'd think this was an origin story to the Joker we all know and love. Maybe this Joker is the closest to what the Joker would resemble in the real world...which is perhaps why this movie is so awful. Who wants that movie?There are plenty of good character-driven films of mentally disturbed individuals who spiral out of control. There are plenty of good dark gritty super hero movies. This is neither of them.






Simply put, this movie is no masterpiece and if you think it is, you need to see WAY more movies. And by way more movies, I mean movies that aren't superhero movies. The funny thing about all the people who call this movie "a masterpiece" is that they can't qualify that claim in any way. Try it for yourself - ask the next person you talk to about Joker why it's a masterpiece. If you're lucky, you might get a response that goes as deep as them saying something vague about the writing and directing being amazing. Ask them to explain that. I guarantee you they won't be able to. This movie is one note, from beginning to end. Joker is crazy at the start, and crazy at the end. There is zero nuance, subtlety or character development. He simply goes from being crazy to crazier. It is cynical, lazy and a dull retread of the REAL masterpieces (like Taxi Driver and King of Comedy) from which it shamelessly steals (poorly, I might add). Beware of anyone who calls this a masterpiece, they have zero understanding of cinema.






What an incredible ride this was. I was almost motionless throughout, watching in awe the performance of a lifetime - the transition from troubled man to monster, the hounding score which directly drove the goosebumps, the cinematography which made you feel like you were flying through Gotham looking for Arthur yourself and the masterful De Niro who gave his nod to Jerry Lewis. Ignore DC. Ignore Batman. This is a work of art in its own right.






Yes Joaquin's performance is good and the cinematography is pretty but otherwise I do not get all the hype about this movie.Not for a long time have I felt like I would be better off leaving the cinema than staying and getting my money's worth.For something that was supposed to be gritty and real it had a lot of convenient scenes to help push the plot along.Very disappointed.






This movie is a masterpiece! It absolutely epitomizes what a DC movie should be. Dark, emotional, thought provoking, not just action action action. One of the best movies I've seen in a long time.Critics have definitely lost touch with the public and should be ignored on this one. Do yourself a favor and watch it!And remember to be good to one another. You dont know what someone else is going through.






I thought this movie was complete and utter garbage. I don't understand why people liked this movie so much. The character doesn't even stay true to the comics and the director flat out said it didn't, and then they made it seem like it was part of Gothams fall and he was just a little boy that had a laughing problem... Hated it






Arthur Fleck lives with his invalid mother. He is suffering from mental illness possibly as a result of childhood abuse. Budget cutbacks put an end to his weekly counselling sessions and he goes off his meds. In real life anyone else would quickly become non functioning but he seemingly becomes more normal.Consequently he goes from being a bumbling idiot to a highly skilled criminal. I didn't find that realistic at all. He also starts a hardly believable relationship with his beautiful single mom neighbor.It turns out that was in his imagination but the way it was portrayed made it impossible to tell which scenes were real and which imagined. The scenes with Robert De Niro seem like fantasy but apparently are real.There were many other scenes that defied belief:A random work colleague gave him a loaded handgun for free out of concern for his safety. Same person tried to throw him under a bus at the first sign of trouble.His neighbour left her door unlocked despite the dangerous neighbourhood.He was a suspect in multiple murders yet the cops made little effort to detain him.When he kills his mom in the hospital her ECG doesn't sound an alarm and nobody suspected it was him.Etc.Towards the end of the movie they recreated a scene from the Dark Knight which reminded me that Heath Ledger was 100 times better.I cannot see how the Joker portrayed in this movie could possibly become the Joker we know.
Joker is literally an achievement in cinematic history there's no doubt in that ! But why people comparing it with Endgame ? Both movies have their own ways and they are completely different. Endgame was the best at its genre. Talking about Joker ... What can I say ... A beautiful presentation of storyline , direction , screenplay was all at its peak of greatness ... Heath ledger smiling down to earth :)






Joaquín Phoenix's unconvincing laughing, and looking like a beaten dog had brutaly ennoyed me after 5 minutes.
The world is mean and bad, and you can only be bad and hit back. Chaos, anarchy, whatever .. inspires bye a clown who killed 3 bullies.
More of this stupid excess of brutality in the name of... what?
Yes. It is the same director as in the hangover 3.
I don't want to be a partir of this.
Brutal and boring.






DC can STILL give us a compelling movie. Wasn't quite hyped about it, I mean, an origin story of a villain made by the director of Hangover movies; what could I even expect? Then, the reviews started to drop. Still wasn't sure if I would like it. And after I saw it, it was way better than I thought it would be. I won't call it a masterpiece, but it definitely is on my top 3 DC films of all times!Good : There's hardly anything bad about Joker. Joaquin Phoenix does a great job of bringing the character into life. Rather than a typical superhero/supervillain origin story, we get to see a psychological drama + horror, and thank God, we got that. I love the genre, I love films like Infinity War, Days of Future Past, Endgame and Raimi's Spider-Man. But occasionally, it's really good to take a break from such films. It's, kind of, in the category of films like Unbreakable. Basically, the movie is (no spoilers ahead) Arthur, being tormented by the society and being a mentally unstable loner, loses his mind after the constant torment and after that, all hell breaks loose. That's all the movie shows. It would be quite difficult to give a really good story for a plot like this, since there are many movies with this kind of plot (awfully crappy ones included). I completely liked this movie, means the screenplay and direction worked for me. You can feel for Arthur, whenever the movie asks you to. You want to root for Arthur, but you know that it will mean some incredibly terrible things will happen. We see him slowly transition into Joker, and when he completely turns into the Joker it is worth a round of applause. We feel good as well as terrified with the actions of the Joker whenever he snaps and crazy stuff happens. Without getting into spoilers, I would say - in short - that it has many quotable lines and each of them make sense. Whatever Joker (a psychopath) says is more realistic than what a sane person says. And obviously has some sick, terrifying and gruesome Joker moments that a proper Joker movie should have. If it's not clear by the trailers, there's no Batman here. But (again, no spoilers) it does have some Batman references to support the movie. It could've created a mess and might have felt like a shoehorned plotline, but it plays out as a proper support for the main story and the transition of Arthur into Joker.Mixed : It is a good thing that the movie has a 70s psycho horror vibe to it. But, it could've been more original. Like many others have pointed out, it's similar to Taxi Driver by Scorsese. While it wasn't a copy and paste of Taxi Driver, but some parts make it obvious that the movie was inspired by Taxi Driver. Not necessarily a bad thing, the movie has the elements as a homage-ish way, but looking at how well made it was, it could've been slightly more original. And, it may feel a bit slow for some people, though it's worth your time.My take on the controversy : It can happen that some morons might watch this film and cause violence. It can happen with any violent movie. But, even though it justified the Joker's actions, it doesn't show them to be right. Speaking of violence, it's just psychologically compelling horror. It's less violent than Deadpool, but feels more violent as it's a serious movie. So, glorification and siding with a psychopath is a complete and total nonsense.Conclusion : It's a must watch. You don't need to follow any of the DC movies to understand it. But do not expect it to be a typical superhero action film with CGI battles and a spectacle. Wrong expectations might ruin the experience. Else, I found it to be better than The Dark Knight Rises. And TDKR is one of my favorites in the genre. If a Nolan movie is replaced by another movie in my list, you may consider it to be great. One last thing, people causing violence because of Joker would be equivalent to The Good, The Bad and The Ugly inspiring three people to have a gun duel for some gold.Rating:Score : 10/10Grade : A+






