I was a person that saw all the hype and claims of masterpiece as overreacting and overblown excitement for another Joker based film. I thought this looked solid at best and even a bit too pretentious in the trailer, but in here to say I was incredibly wrong. This is a massive achievement of cinema that's extremely rare in a day and age of cgi nonsense and reboots. While this is somewhat of a reboot of sorts, the standalone origin tale is impeccable from start to finish and echoes resemblance to the best joker origin comics from the past. Joaquin bleeds, sweats, and cries his every drop into this magnificently dedicated performance. Heath Ledger would be proud. This is undoubtedly the greatest acting performance since Heath's joker. The directing and writing is slickly brilliant and the bleak settings and tones are palpable throughout. When this film was over the place was blown away and every audience member was awestruck that they witnessed a film that could still transport them into a character's world and very existence. Believe the hype. This is going to be revered as a transcending masterpiece of cinema.






Every once in a while a movie comes, that truly makes an impact. Joaquin's performance and scenography in all it's brilliance. Grotesque, haunting and cringy. Hard to watch at times,... but so mesmerizing, you won't blink an eye watching it. Tragic, but with seriously funny moments. Emotional rollercoaster - sometimes, with multiple emotions popping-up at the same time.this is far from a typical action-riddled predictable super-hero movie - it's a proper psychological thriller/drama, with the single best character development I have ever seen.






This is a movie that only those who have felt alone and isolated can truly relate to it. You understand the motive and you feel sorry for the character. A lot of people will see this movie and think that it encourages violence. But truly, this movie should encourage each and every one of us to become a better person, treat everyone with respect and make each other feel like they belong in this world, instead of making them feel isolated.






Truly a masterpiece, The Best film of 2019, one of the Best films of the decade... And TRULY the Best film to bring a comic book so chillingly and realistically to real ife.
Remarkable Direction, Cinematography, Music and the Acting.
I don't understand why critics are surprised to find it DISTURBING and VIOLENT, when the title character is infamous for it and fans were already rooting for this.
OSCARS are on their way!






Most of the time movies are anticipated like this they end up falling short, way short. Joker is the first time I was more than happy with the hype. Please ignore the complaints of "pernicious violence" as they are embarrassing to say the least. We haven't seen a comic movie this real before. If we ever "deserved" a better class of criminal - Phillips and Phoenix have delivered. This is dark, Joker IS dark and you will fall in love with the villain as you should. The bad guys are always more romantic anyway.






Joaquin Phoenix gives a tour de force performance, fearless and stunning in its emotional depth and physicality. It's impossible to talk about this without referencing Heath Ledger's Oscar-winning performance from The Dark Knight, widely considered the definitive live-action portrayal of the Joker, so let's talk about it. The fact is, everyone is going to be stunned by what Phoenix accomplishes, because it's what many thought impossible - a portrayal that matches and potentially exceeds that of The Dark Knight's Clown Prince of Crime






Let me start off by saying if Joaquin Phoneix doesn't get his Oscar for this movie. Then the Oscars should be cancelled. Phoneix is amazing as you might've heard from every review ever! But Todd Phillips. Is at his best here. The story lines he takes and visuals are just breathtaking. The score!! Omg the Score! Every time that score came on, I felt very uncomfortable, like something horrible was about to happen. It was GREAT. The Inspirations from Taxi Driver and King of Comedy are there, and add so much for the movie. And I got to be honest. There are scenes that are very violent. And its disturbing. But I honestly expected it to be WAYYYY more violent from all the controversy going on. Overall this movie was GREAT. Come Oscar season, it needs to be nominated for Best Picture, ScreenPlay, Cinematography, Actor, Score and Director






I get why some people hate this . It's because of the political message and how some people think that you need get empathy for Arthur's madness. But come on that is not the point and it will never be. Enjoy this masterpiece because Joaquin Phoenix and Todd Phillips overdid themselves with this movie . The acting,music and cinematography are just amazing ! Please enjoy the movie without overthinking it.






I have seen Joker yesterday at Venice an early ill-fated screening. We had some trouble with audio that lead to a near-hour delay, but it definitely was worth it.Joker deserved to be presented at Venice Film Festival, an event that regards cinema as a form of art, because this film is far from a blockbuster or a mere entertainer movie, as most films in the genre are.It focuses on the psyche of the main character, as it slowly crumbles under the pressure of society. And thus, Joaquin Phoenix does a wonderful performance, earning almost surely a nomination at the oscars at least.
It's a take on the Joker that differs from Ledger's, but I'd say that both are equally as good. The main difference might be that Ledger's joker is a rational that acts insane, while Phoenix's is insane to the root.Despite being a movie about a superhero villain, Joker is much superior to most of the movies of the genre (I'd exclude the Dark Knight Trilogy only, but Joker is easily as good as Nolan's movies, or at least very close). It is a small-scaled film, with a distinct style and cinematography (that cannot but be appreciated) and a set of very cinephile references that however do not feel too forced or overly opressive. (most notable are the similarities to Scorsese's 'Taxi Driver' and his 'The King of Comedy', but also Chaplin's 'Modern Times' is somewhat referenced).I am eager to see more non-comedic efforts by Todd Phillips. This movie was so far probably the best of 2019 (at worst contested so far only by Dolor Y Gloria or Once Upon a Time in Hollywood), and that should be very convincing.






Joker is a story of an average man and a life of suffering. The rudeness, bullying, neglect of one human being to another just because he's different or weaker, plus the daily psychological and materialistic life pressures and how all of this can help delivering a man to the hands of madness.The plot tells the story of a man who lives a hard life...psychological issues, financial problems, mistreated and misunderstood by most around him and his journey to madness. Not accurate to the origin stories in neither comic books nor animation, yet it's a very refreshing and mature dark take on the clown prince of crime character which I hope to be developed into a mature dark DC movies universe.The film is an outstanding experience of the movie making art on every level. I practically can see an Oscar for "Joaquin" just for his performance in the TV show interview scene and how realistic, pure, raw angry, mad and brutal it feels, not to mention his acting throughout the whole movie!What I take on this film is the lack of an effective positive character, the plot should have shed some light on a least one positive key figures. After all, not all human beings are rude and have a negative selfish influence on their society.Joker to me is a life journey, many may feel sympathy for him, some may even feel related to him or to what he has socially experienced while others will deny his actions. It's very understood to have mixed feelings about this film, I know this movie will be perceived by each viewer differently basically according to their life experiences, how they were raised and may be even their moral values.I for one believe that it should not be misunderstood as an incitement to violence but more of a wake up call for all of us, a fresh look at ourselves and our social actions towards everyone we encounter in our lives and deeply reconsider how we treat each other in our daily lives and how it can shape our future society.






It's sad that Joaquin missed Oscar for 'The gladiator' as he was very compelling Villain. But I am quite confident he will win it for the 'Joker'. Damn what a movie !!! Keeps u on the toes all the time. Unpredictable storyline and really a deep interesting plot. Did I forget to mention acting ? Damn Do niro and Joaquin teach u what really is 5 star acting.
To enjoy this movie, get a wine in your hand, close the curtains, turn of ur cellphones and put do not disturb sign on ur door. Best Dark thriller suspense movie you will get to experience.






I have just watched the Joker in Venice and I will say if Joaquin doesn't get an Oscar this year then something is wrong with this world. This perfomance is just jaw-dropping, it glues you to the screen and doesn't let go till the end. Story is very good and has some interesting connections with Batman lore(especially one you can't guess from trailers). There are some scenes that are so tense ,well-acted and imaginative that push this movie to 10. Cinematography and direction are great, Todd has proven himself as a director. Robert is also good in his "small" role. Will definitely see it again as soon as it out in October.
This movie causes the audience to consider many topics on morality, particularly the poor choices made by the Joker. The Joker is more relatable in this movie than antagonists usually are. I think this gives a more realistic view of "bad" people, who are not usually 100% bad in all ways as society often judges. It is important to know when to sympathize with the Joker (towards the beginning of the movie), and when he needs to be identified as a threat (when he begins making certain bad choices). This movie is only suitable for adults who are willing to pick it apart and think critically about it. It isn't for light amusement. That substance is what makes it so good.If you aren't able to ponder underlying themes on your own, and you have to be handed all your thoughts to you, then this isn't the best movie for you.






The acting, cinematography, sound design, and the script itself is phenomenal. This movie is a triumph. Joaquin Pheonix deserves an Oscar win for this tbh.






I will stop watching movies if Joaquin Phoenix is not awarded Oscar for his tremendous acting.






The movie affects you in a way that makes it physically painful to experience, but in a good way.






I quit relying on critic reviews years ago... I noticed for this movie that the critics ratings were low but viewer ratings were high. That being said, what is the point of a critic when for this movie, they are oh so wrong.
I went and saw this tonite with my mom. I went in skeptical and w some what low expectations. I knew not to expect your typical super hero movie.
What we got was a masterpiece. I went in expecting sheer boredom and I was instead on the edge of my seat the whole time. Not action edge of your seat, it was a fear of what he may do or say next edge of your seat. To see this character evolve into what we all know as the #1 villain of Batman was beyond genius and Joaquin Phoenix is a true master at perfecting the art of consuming himself into this character. I may be all over the place with this but I don't care. This movie, the story, the acting, directing, effects, everyone brought their A game and JP definitely deserves a nod and win for this role. And no, there is no comparison here to Jack Nicholson or Heath Ledger. Each actor took on this character and different levels, different story points and different points in time, so any comparison would just not be feasible or fair to any of the actors as they embraced him and made him come to life in their own genius way!






Need I say more? Everything about this Movie is Masterful in every single way! Joker isn't just an awesome comic book movie, it's an awesome movie, period. It offers no easy answers to the unsettling questions it raises about a cruel society in decline. Joaquin Phoenix's fully committed performance and Todd Phillips' masterful albeit loose reinvention of the DC source material make Joker a film that should leave comic book fans and non-fans alike disturbed and moved in all the right ways.






Joker is directed by Todd Philips and stars Joaquin Phoenix as Arthur Fleck, a man disregarded and thrown out of society.We live in an era in which formulaic comic book movies are more and more common. Joker not only proves that you can make a comic book movie without a villain but also proves that comic book movies can be used as psychological studies reflecting on how our society views and treats mental health issues of certain individuals.If I had to describe Joaquin Phoenix as the Joker in one word it would be mesmerising. His take on the iconic comic book character is filled with emotional depth to the point where it's almost painful to watch and flawlessly realistic making it one of the best performances of the decade.The cinematography is also something to note. It is full of gorgeous shots with a beautiful colour palette making it's shot composition and structure heavily differ from most comic book films.The score is very minimalistic but every time it comes on it feels unsettling and haunting which adds to the suspense of the story.My biggest and only issue with Joker is that it's too inspired by Scorsese's King of Comedy and Taxi Driver making the majority of the film predictable. However, making it predictable didn't take away much from its quality and only made it more unsettling because we can see the degradation of Joker's mind before it happens making this film more depressing.I wouldn't really call Joker a comic book movie. Yes, it's based on a comic book and depicts arguably the most iconic comic book character of all time, but it stands alone among dozens of its predecessors as a psychological drama that reflects on society and its issues rather than a fantasy world.Overall, Joker is a brilliant take on the character, however, it's not for the faint of heart or narrow-minded and prejudiced people.Final Grade - 9/10






There is no doubt that the movie was well thought of - from the plot to execution. I must praise Phoenix's superb acting. He managed to portray very believably the awkward social reject and also the crazy murderer that he became. I really think it's a role only few could do. It was also very interesting to watch how he deteriorated mentally and little by little gave up on trying to fit into society. Gotta hand it to the script writer - the plot was unpredictable.But...There wasn't anything too complex about Arthur's mental state. No deep psychological analysis, or a web of many deep factors that created a one of a kind psychotic maniac. Could it be that I was expecting too much? Very possible since I came with very high expectations after reading some reviews.
What doesn't have anything with expectations is that at the end he didn't remind much of the original Joker. He felt more like a simply society reject that went completely crazy and started killing people. Not that much different from many other serial killers or mass murderers. He didn't have the master mind that so much designated the Joker and made him different from a simple murderer.
Another thing is that there were long parts of the movie that felt very dull.
Also I found it hard to buy the reason behind the riots in the city and the role the Joker played in them. Even if taken into account that the poverty and anger was cooking for a long time in that society, it still feels somewhat absurd that killing three people in the subway made the joker so notorious.
In conclusion, I can identify with the character which gave me a lasting impression of the movie, and this movie could have been very great if it was a movie about how a person that's rejected by society turns slowly into a serial killer. But as a movie about the Joker I felt it was lacking. Lacking the things that made the Joker actually the Joker, and not just another crazy murderer.
Joaquin Phoenix IS the joker. Phoenix gave a performance that felt like a mixture of Heath Ledger's joker, Jack Nicholson's joker, and Alex in A Clockwork Orange:Overall, this movie was a trip to say the least. Cinematography was very good, and the soundtrack set the perfect mood for the film for the most part. The acting and plot are what sold it though. Phoenix made me forget that the character was one I had seen before in other movies. His performance mixed with the overall feel and plot of the movie made me leave the theater feeling like I too had just taken a descent into madness.I've never been a very big fan of superhero movies so I was a little weary going into the movie, but this had absolutely nothing to do with anything superhero related other than the characters. I loved this movie and will definitely see it again. It was just what I hoped it would be.
Do not really understand all the tens here. Sure, a good movie, good acting, nice shooting. But the plot is not so intriguing. At times it is really long and somewhat boring. I needed to double-check the genre to see if this is a drama or what. Crime, drama, thriller it said. I would put it maybe 90% in the drama and rest in thriller.I miss more dialogue, more depth, more substance. The plot is really not more then a somewhat crazy person becoming a bit crazier. Sure there is an undertone in that it is society and the system and the mean character of people that is bringing him down and creating the evil beast which later wants to destroy everything. Absolutely, but I think it is not intriguing story and plot and dialogue enough to give this a ten.Worthy of watching, yes. But not amazing






I went into this film expecting an all-time classic based on the reviews I had read & what I ended up watching was just a decent film overall. Phoenix is outstanding...so he definitely did his part. But I feel like if you've seen the trailers you've seen the movie because the best way I can describe this film is it feels like a 2 hour version of the trailer. At 2 hours it's a relatively common runtime, but it felt a lot longer...which isn't good. I'd say this is much more of a rental than a theater movie. Kinda just....eh.






I thought this film was good but I just don't get the hype personally. The acting was amazing and the film was good overall but I think 'masterpiece' and 'film of the year' are a bit overused throughout the reviews. In no way did I dislike this film, I thought it was really good, just overhyped. I feel as though a lot of the 10/10 reviews are purely based on the fact that it already has amazing reviews and so people want to carry the praise further and that it is about the joker. If this film was released and was about some random guy in the same situation, I don't think the reviews would be as high but maybe that's the point.






Joaquin Phoenix gives Heath Ledger a run for his money, true story. This is not a popcorn fluff comic book flick. DO NOT TAKE YOUR KIDS TO SEE THIS MOVIE. Shut down all ballots for the Oscar, Joaquin is taking that one home hands down. One of the best origin stories EVER put out. The only downside to this movie, is that it is a stand alone film that will have no sequels or ties to the DC Universe. Todd Philips take on the Joker is one of pure brilliance and Joaquin Phoenix was the Joker we deserved. He didn't steal from Jack or Heath but yet you got a taste of both.






The music. The intense. The realism. The performance. The story. Such a perfect combination of everything. I never felt that a character like joker could be real until I saw this. Phoenix shows us what a joker is in our society and shows us how power can be obtained. Philips on the other hand had the perfect choice of music, camera angles, lighting and every important factor. Overall, I did not expect the story to be this perfect. Too many shocking turns happened and it really does represent today's society. If I was in the first screening, I would have applauded for 80 min not 8.






Joaquin' portrayal of a sociopathic, mentally unstable man's transformation to the iconic Joker was non other than a grippingly accurate, realistic and touching rendition. A dark and disturbing character piece led by an Oscar worthy performance by Joaquin Phoenix. You really do feel bad for this guy, which makes it all the more heartbreaking when he inevitably becomes the clown prince of crime we all know and love, although we've never seen him like this. We see him suffer throughout the movie to the point we're almost rooting for himk to become a mass murdering psyco clown, because that at least will make feel better; then it happens and we just wish this could have all just been avoided, because es so messed up. We feel for him and care about him. By the time he's the joker, we wish we could've helped him. There's a lot of great nods to the greater Batman universe, yet the movie is a self contained character piece. That can only be the mark of a great movie. All the acting is great, the plot (while similar to Taxi Driver) is brilliant and the quality of the movie shows you don't need CGI super powers to be a great villain in a Superhero movie. Is a joke not everyone gets. This movie is "the rise of the Joker!" 10/10






When I heard everyone saying that this is the film of the year and all the reviews flooding in with 10's, I was quite hyped and excited for this movie. When I walked out of the cinema, I felt hollow and empty.Before I continue writing, let me say this, This is NOT the film of the year nor is it a real masterpiece. The cinematography is excellent and the acting is incredible, that's just it. The side-characters are bland and overly dramatic. The plot heavily relies on plot-twists and the film is so harsh that it actually falls flat on it's face.Are there no good points though? Phoenix is phenomenal and the score is great. The cinematography is also incredible but the plot is not that great at all. It even has plot holes and scenes that left me empty.Film of the year? Nope.






In an era of cinema so saturated with superheroes and gritty remakes, Todd Phillips and Phoenix somehow take a character so deeply intrenched in pop culture and create something compelling and unique. This film is unafraid to be bleak and scary without offering much to the viewer as a means of comfort. The only way we can deal with the harsh cruelties of the world is by treating it as a joke. Upon leaving this movie, you will not hate Joker, you will hate the world that made him.Phoenix simply cannot be praised enough. He brings both sympathy and tragedy in the way he moves his eyes, the way he contorts his shoulders, the way he laughs. A lesser actor would be unable to swing his moods from as far extremes as Phoenix does nor add the layers that Phoenix intricately builds for his character. The way he twists and writhes his body is mesmerizing and brings even more tragedy to the Joker. This is Phoenix's movie.As for the technical side, this movie is far different than any other super hero films of recent years. The cinematographer and director choose a shallow focus, giving Pheonix a) the undivided attention of the viewer and b) a more personal feel to the film. There are wide shots with deep focus, but they are used sparingly because this movie is about a character, not action or explosions. The color palette of this movie is intentionally composed of dour greens, blues and tepid yellows--- all of which gives the world a sickly feel. The soundtrack is used affectively, bringing waves of optimism to intentionally clash with our protagonist's angry depression. This film will likely be compared to The Dark Knight and DCEU films, which I don't find to be fair. This film is far more akin to The Machinist and The King of Comedy in tone and visual style.I recommend this film, and I think anything short of an Oscar nomination for Phoenix would be disrespectful to the effort he gives. However, I have one gripe I would like to voice. I found the tie-ins to the Wayne family to be unnecessary. It came across as pandering to an audience that loves Easter eggs more-so than the story itself. In my opinion, I think the story would have worked even better if it had distanced itself from the Batman story. Other than that, I had little issue with the rest of the film.Joker is a movie that tells us life is full of sadness, and then gives us a character whose purpose is to spread laughter and joy. I was going to finish this review with a joke, but, you wouldn't get it.
I know this is an unpopular opinion, but honestly this movie is overrated and boring. 2 hours felt like 3 and a half.I don't buy the whole thing where he is invited to the show. The meta "standup" he made was extremely dull and boring. Then gets allowed to broadcast for that long without being interrupted, also being transported in the most shitty police-car ever after that, it's just not believeable enough to me.He also acted the same when he was on meds aswell as off, so that part didn't make sense either. The police must also be really not catching this guy faster after the homocide.It has some good parts but they can be boiled down to maybe 5 minutes.
Is this a movie I would watch again? Probably not.
The perfect portrait of a decline to insanity"
& Joaquin Phoenix portrays this flawlessly in a performance of a lifetime.
Choreographed impeccably by Todd Phillips & is nothing short of breathtaking.
The cinematography & backdrop ideology of such an original film for such a complex character is only complimented by the superb soundtrack & acting. A hauntingly beautiful film & A Definate 10/10.
Edit: Bring on part 2 plssssss!. We all want it!.






Phoenix convinces me that he has always meant to be the joker. The movie went beyond my expectations, so many emotions went through me these couple hours. I think because its rated R, Phoenix was able to unlock jokers full psychotic potential as the character he is meant to be. This was an AMAZING story, and it calls for more. And I mean a build up, a second movie, maybe one with batman? My hopes are too high at this point, but nevertheless, brilliant goddamn movie and THE BEST joker ever played hands down.






The pool does not need the money. They need the dignity and respect, coz that is what it takes to be a human. If you don't have that, money will only be a reminder of them being a "good boy". Like some politicians, they feel so frustrated when people from the lower class does not accept their funding champions. In this movie, through joker's life, I begin to get it.






The recurring themes of so many of the 10 star reviews here should tell you a lot about this movie and its audience. If you can't get through a movie review without tossing in one or more claims that "THIS movie is so much better and smarter than YOUR superhero movie" (or even basing your entire review around this premise), then I hate to break it to you, but kid, you're nowhere near as intelligent and grown up as you think you are. This "my comic publisher is better than yours" BS should have been left behind on your grade school playground, it has absolutely no relevance to the quality of this movie, and your opinion of this movie should be considered highly suspect if you're in this group.I gotta say, if this movie was also your idea of the most perfect film ever made, you really need to get out more. Look, I get it. If you live in a safe little box where all you watch are superhero movies and mainstream blockbusters then I understand how exposure to themes like this for the first time would seem new and exciting to you, and I think we can all agree that this is probably the best DC Comics related movie in the last decade or so (though that's not a high bar to meet) and of course Joaquin Phoenix is a very talented actor, but stop and take a step back and look at this thing.Joker does indeed present a theme that is of importance to our society, that of the neglect and demonizing of the mentally ill to a degree that sometimes creates monsters which everyone around them should have seen coming a mile away if they hadn't been too busy looking away to avoid feeling uncomfortable. Unfortunately, reminding us all of the fact that this situation still exists is all this movie really has to say. It dances around important subjects like "HEY KIDS, CLASS INEQUALITY!", but then never offers any actual insight into them, usually because it's too busy making forced Batman references or dropping cringey little edgy moments like the "Don't smile" sign scene which seem to have been designed solely to have something for Hot Topic to print a new t-shirt of. Between that and every single plot twist being telegraphed so very far in advance because a lot of us have seen all these exact same twists so very many times before, I just wasn't impressed.Perhaps if this had been an actual stand-alone movie of its own instead of being shackled by its completely unnecessary ties to the Batman universe it could have done something more interesting with its themes. Don't get me wrong, I don't have any problem with superhero movies, but it just feels so gratuitous here, as if someone came up with this idea, pitched it to an executive, and was told "sounds great, but can you make it a Batman movie somehow?", and I'm sorry, but I'm just not into a movie trying to tell me a half-hearted, yet dead-serious speech about mental illness in modern society while simultaneously constantly reminding me that it's technically a superhero movie because $$$ and P.S. HEY KIDS DID YOU LIKE HOW WE USED THE PUBLIC'S FEAR OF DOMESTIC TERRORISM TO SELL OUR PRODUCT TO YOU BECAUSE THAT'S HOW EDGY IT IS?






I was so hyped up to see this movie, loved the trailer, only movie I have wanted to watch in the cinema for a very long time.I watched it and was bored. the astectics were amazing, music was good, story and execution was meh. the performence of the joker was a good performence but people raving about this are driving me mad. either you have not seen many movies or I have seen too many. this movie was bang average and was actually boring. I was thinking about leaving half way through as I was bored out of my mind.I do not regret watching it but it is being so overhyped that I am so confused right now. I think it had a good premise but could have been so much more, so much more.Signs of a great movie is the repeat viewing of it or it moving you, did not move me whatsoever and I would not watch it again.I thought maybe people are getting paid to write good review but have actually met people who think it is the best movie ever.... OMGGGThis movie is bang average and way overhyped.
phenoix performence is good but as the story and execution is so bad, I feel he never even touched the higher spectrums of performence.I have experienced and seen worse in my life, if this made you feel, you are (i hate this word but have to use it) a snowflake. Please get off social media and live life.there is a real world out there.






10/10 Amazing story, Brilliant taking, magnificent cinematography.
Someone had to step out of the safe game played by Superhero movies and Joker movie does just that (also The Boys). Movie is gritty, real, insanely dark and sometime quite disturbing to people who don't want accept what's shown in the movie is a terrible reality we face everyday if refused a proper care.
Normally people start to compare the movie with one of the greatest like The Dark Knight and in acting wise to that of Heath ledger's Potrayal of joker.
I wouldn't say this movie is better that that or otherwise , but it will stand tall amongst the greatest like The Godfather, Taxi Driver, Citizen Kane, The Dark Knight.
Coming to the inevitable comparison of who's the better Joker? Heath or Joaquin. The answer is Both did a phenomenal job and the Joker character itself is fortunate to have being played by two greatest actors.
Definitely a top contender for Oscars. I personally think it would take away
1.Best Actor 2.Cinematography 3.Original score and if Once Upon a time in Hollywood loses in Make-up and hairstyling category it would definitely be to The Joker.






Still days after seeing it, I'm still stunned by this film. I was lucky enough to see this film at the night of August 31 at the 76th Venice International Film Festival with high anticipations, and I was blown away. Joaquin Phoenix's performance as the Joker was hands down the best of the entire year. His performance reminds me why we love to watch actors play other people, why performance is such an appreciated art form. His laugh, his movements and his slow transformation from Arthur Fleck, a wannabe stand up comedian to the crazy prince of thieves, the Joker, was a thing of beauty to watch. Anybody who's watching this film has to appreciate how Phoenix committed himself to this role, you don't see Phoenix on the screen, but the character of Joker. Joaquin Phoenix might has not topped Heath Ledgers Joker in my opinion, but damn was he close and he deserves every acting award possible.
The film offers a dark look of 1970s Gotham City; a dark, griddy atmosphere where there is no joy nor happiness in this world, and in many moments, the movie gave me instant "Taxi Driver" and "King of Comedy" vibes - two of Martin Scorsese's best films - without copying both films, but includes elements from both films like e.g. all the political tensions in the city are definitely borrowed from "Taxi Driver" and all the bits with the stand-up comedy from "The King of Comedy".
The film was a deep character study of a man with some psychological and health issues who simply wants to bring laughter to this world by performing as a clown in e.g. child's hospitals and performing as a stand-up comedian. But his mental health and this broken, sad, depressive society that doesn't know any joy, do not let him be the way he is and all the people around him see him as too weird/different and simply want to put him down; in the streets, in his workplace, at his mother's house etc. to the point where he simply finds a breaking point and loses his mind every day that goes by, which leads him to kill people and then become a symbol of terror and chaos towards the end. And at every moment something bad happens to Arthur Fleck - and yes, a whole lot of things happens in his life aka. to him throughout the film - you just feel sad for him, you mourn for him since he never seemed to have any intentions of harming people at first so that the audience exactly understands the things he does throughout the film. I'm not gonna go any further into plot details since the film's not yet out and I believe - even if it wouldn't have the name "Joker" in the title - that everybody should go and watch this film because we don't get such deep sophisticated character study films like this everyday - especially if such films gets mainstream attention. I enjoyed every second watching this character slowly falling apart.
Although I do think that the character of Zazie Beetz was totally useless and lead to nowhere, could have been easily cut out. That's probably my only negative with this film.
But still; it's a thought provoking masterpiece that has a lot to say - about the current situation of society -beyond being just a comic book movie. It offers a completely different take on the character of the Joker with some similarities to "The Killing Joke" with lots of surprising twists (one word: Wayne) that even connects it with the Batman comics and will leave you speechless. And half the greatness of this film is thanks to the great performance of Phoenix!
I'm gonna say this: the scene in the third act where the Joker appears live on TV at the Murray Franklin show - which was shown in the final trailer - blew me personally away, the tensions, the build up, Phoenix's greatness and even Robert De Niro's acting, was a heartbeat moment to me. Not spoiling it, but it's amazing. I can't wait to rewatch it when it comes out in October...Check it out as soon as it comes out! #Venice76
Seriously, unbelievable. Dare I say better than Heath Ledger? If Joaquin Phoenix doesn't win the Oscar for best actor and 'Joker' doesn't win at the VERY least, best screenplay, it will be one of the biggest Oscar snubs of our time






Here, we have a broken man whose mental instability and illness is the catalyst for what Arthur Fleck eventually becomes, but I mean nowhere in this movie do we witness any kind of intellectual prowess, high intelligence, or even any miniscule reference to his wit and smarts to believe he has what it takes to become the Joker from the previous films.Also, there is merit to the theory that the whole entire movie was a dream playing out in his imagination, and he was conveying that to the psychiatrist the whole movie, which connects to the end since it starts with him meeting a psychiatrist and we know he was making things up by the revelations. In addition, there is no factuality to the idea that he was Thomas Wayne's lovechild. Joker is having a delusion of grandiose throughout the story, connecting himself to powerful people and situations, which would be a semi-trait of his narcissism, as well (although narcissism is far from his predominant psychological problems). I'd prefer this theory because it would explain why Fleck lacked any kind of pragmatism and intelligence we've come to expect throughout this movie.The Joker is playing the psychotherapist the whole time, making her feel sympathy and bad for him (as well as the audience), and that's the joke on her at the end, which enables him to kill her, too. This is Joker's own fantasy origin story, which has little validity.Go ahead and downvote, but there's no way this take on the Joker is intelligent and mentally competent enough to become Ledger's Joker.
Yes Joaquin's performance is good and the cinematography is pretty but otherwise I do not get all the hype about this movie.Not for a long time have I felt like I would be better off leaving the cinema than staying and getting my money's worth.For something that was supposed to be gritty and real it had a lot of convenient scenes to help push the plot along.Very disappointed.






While the trailers for this movie have may seemed like there was potential for an action packed movie, this movie, clearly before it came to theaters was intended to be a progressive character study. You shouldn't go into this movie expecting intense action or the joker we know of the past. This is a movie about how Arthur Fleck becomes the Joker.I have seen so many bad reviews about how boring or slow the movie is, but I believe it was utter perfection. The first part of the movie we begin to understand Arthur as a person. All of his interactions with everyone in his life, be it good or bad. The whole point of a character study is evolution. And this is far and away one of the greatest evolutions of a character I have ever seen in a movie.Joaquin Phoenix's performance is by far the best acting I have seen in a movie possibly in the last few decades. We see a challenged person be challenged by society and it completely breaks him down over time. And Joaquin isn't acting, he is evolving all throughout the movie. If anyone thinks he doesn't put on an Oscar winning performance, they're out of their effing mind. Yes, the movie is slow to start, but it has to be. We couldn't just jump into the joker and all the chaos. We need to know where it came from to begin with.The whole compilation of the movie is amazing. The complete Oscar deserving performance of Joaquin, the choreography, the cinematography, the score. Everything is in perfect harmony. While there may have been a lot of controversy surrounding this movie, the team put together a perfect movie and I pity those who can't appreciate the tears and sweat and emotion that went into making this movie.I have always been so one sided in my movie preferences between Marvel and DC. I feel like Marvel is sooo much better overall and most movies DC puts out are trash. But Joker is far and away my favorite comic movie. Even though it takes a completely different spin on comic movies. You have to appreciate the evolution to appreciate this movie. It's not an action movie, but it's really rips and tears at all the emotions in one movie while adding a wild suspenseful kick. No other comic book movie has done that before.






Simply put, this movie is no masterpiece and if you think it is, you need to see WAY more movies. And by way more movies, I mean movies that aren't superhero movies. The funny thing about all the people who call this movie "a masterpiece" is that they can't qualify that claim in any way. Try it for yourself - ask the next person you talk to about Joker why it's a masterpiece. If you're lucky, you might get a response that goes as deep as them saying something vague about the writing and directing being amazing. Ask them to explain that. I guarantee you they won't be able to. This movie is one note, from beginning to end. Joker is crazy at the start, and crazy at the end. There is zero nuance, subtlety or character development. He simply goes from being crazy to crazier. It is cynical, lazy and a dull retread of the REAL masterpieces (like Taxi Driver and King of Comedy) from which it shamelessly steals (poorly, I might add). Beware of anyone who calls this a masterpiece, they have zero understanding of cinema.






I thought this movie was complete and utter garbage. I don't understand why people liked this movie so much. The character doesn't even stay true to the comics and the director flat out said it didn't, and then they made it seem like it was part of Gothams fall and he was just a little boy that had a laughing problem... Hated it






BREAKING NEWS: Killer clowns are back! But this time they're not pranksters mimicking Pennywise to scare the sh*t out of people for viral memes; they're "incels" threatening to gun down everyone who chooses to take their date to this dour, depressing, demented movie.If this Joker were the one featured in Nolan's marvelously entertaining Dark Knight, I doubt any of your skinny lonely drugged-up psychos would be rushing to hail this guy as his hero and inspiration.Ledger's Joker is brilliant, manipulaitve, and consumed with an infectious, and sometimes charming, confidence. Phoenix's Joker is dumb, depressing, and insecure. Ledger makes things happen. Things happen to Phoenix. The Joker controls events in Dark Knight. Events spiral out of control in Joker.There is no fun in this movie, no great action set pieces, no hint of hope or optimism. It's a two hour slog of watching a miserable man drive himself insane until he starts murdering people. Then seemingly everyone goes insane because "they've had enough!"Change the name of this movie to Arthur, eliminate the very few references to the Batman universe, and I doubt you'd think this was an origin story to the Joker we all know and love. Maybe this Joker is the closest to what the Joker would resemble in the real world...which is perhaps why this movie is so awful. Who wants that movie?There are plenty of good character-driven films of mentally disturbed individuals who spiral out of control. There are plenty of good dark gritty super hero movies. This is neither of them.






One of the best movies in these few years and 100% Oscar worthy
Joaquin Phoenix delivers one of the best performances I've ever scene






Arthur Fleck lives with his invalid mother. He is suffering from mental illness possibly as a result of childhood abuse. Budget cutbacks put an end to his weekly counselling sessions and he goes off his meds. In real life anyone else would quickly become non functioning but he seemingly becomes more normal.Consequently he goes from being a bumbling idiot to a highly skilled criminal. I didn't find that realistic at all. He also starts a hardly believable relationship with his beautiful single mom neighbor.It turns out that was in his imagination but the way it was portrayed made it impossible to tell which scenes were real and which imagined. The scenes with Robert De Niro seem like fantasy but apparently are real.There were many other scenes that defied belief:A random work colleague gave him a loaded handgun for free out of concern for his safety. Same person tried to throw him under a bus at the first sign of trouble.His neighbour left her door unlocked despite the dangerous neighbourhood.He was a suspect in multiple murders yet the cops made little effort to detain him.When he kills his mom in the hospital her ECG doesn't sound an alarm and nobody suspected it was him.Etc.Towards the end of the movie they recreated a scene from the Dark Knight which reminded me that Heath Ledger was 100 times better.I cannot see how the Joker portrayed in this movie could possibly become the Joker we know.
What an incredible ride this was. I was almost motionless throughout, watching in awe the performance of a lifetime - the transition from troubled man to monster, the hounding score which directly drove the goosebumps, the cinematography which made you feel like you were flying through Gotham looking for Arthur yourself and the masterful De Niro who gave his nod to Jerry Lewis. Ignore DC. Ignore Batman. This is a work of art in its own right.






Joaquín Phoenix's unconvincing laughing, and looking like a beaten dog had brutaly ennoyed me after 5 minutes.
The world is mean and bad, and you can only be bad and hit back. Chaos, anarchy, whatever .. inspires bye a clown who killed 3 bullies.
More of this stupid excess of brutality in the name of... what?
Yes. It is the same director as in the hangover 3.
I don't want to be a partir of this.
Brutal and boring.






I was expecting a masterpiece and oscar worthy film from all the hype.
I actually didn't enjoy watching this movie.
there was no message, it was slow and the joker turned out just to be the son of a schizophrenic and went crazy over a slight amount of bullying. I don't see how anyone could relate to this character and the laughing is lame acting way overdone.
I'm just stunned that this has a 9/10 rating right now, how the hell?






I have never left a review for any title, good or bad but this is such a piece of garbage that I registered an IMDB account just to vent my opinion.
I want these 2 hours of my life back






I don't understand the high ratings. I went to the cinema with high expectations, only to discover that the movie was slow as anything and was almost finished before the first killing happened. It was a dreadful time having to wait for something to happen.
But yes, once the movie was finished and I finally walked out, I got the cosmic joke; I was the joker, trusting the reviews and leaving disappointed in disbelief I actually paid for watching it.






This movie is a masterpiece! It absolutely epitomizes what a DC movie should be. Dark, emotional, thought provoking, not just action action action. One of the best movies I've seen in a long time.Critics have definitely lost touch with the public and should be ignored on this one. Do yourself a favor and watch it!And remember to be good to one another. You dont know what someone else is going through.






DC can STILL give us a compelling movie. Wasn't quite hyped about it, I mean, an origin story of a villain made by the director of Hangover movies; what could I even expect? Then, the reviews started to drop. Still wasn't sure if I would like it. And after I saw it, it was way better than I thought it would be. I won't call it a masterpiece, but it definitely is on my top 3 DC films of all times!Good : There's hardly anything bad about Joker. Joaquin Phoenix does a great job of bringing the character into life. Rather than a typical superhero/supervillain origin story, we get to see a psychological drama + horror, and thank God, we got that. I love the genre, I love films like Infinity War, Days of Future Past, Endgame and Raimi's Spider-Man. But occasionally, it's really good to take a break from such films. It's, kind of, in the category of films like Unbreakable. Basically, the movie is (no spoilers ahead) Arthur, being tormented by the society and being a mentally unstable loner, loses his mind after the constant torment and after that, all hell breaks loose. That's all the movie shows. It would be quite difficult to give a really good story for a plot like this, since there are many movies with this kind of plot (awfully crappy ones included). I completely liked this movie, means the screenplay and direction worked for me. You can feel for Arthur, whenever the movie asks you to. You want to root for Arthur, but you know that it will mean some incredibly terrible things will happen. We see him slowly transition into Joker, and when he completely turns into the Joker it is worth a round of applause. We feel good as well as terrified with the actions of the Joker whenever he snaps and crazy stuff happens. Without getting into spoilers, I would say - in short - that it has many quotable lines and each of them make sense. Whatever Joker (a psychopath) says is more realistic than what a sane person says. And obviously has some sick, terrifying and gruesome Joker moments that a proper Joker movie should have. If it's not clear by the trailers, there's no Batman here. But (again, no spoilers) it does have some Batman references to support the movie. It could've created a mess and might have felt like a shoehorned plotline, but it plays out as a proper support for the main story and the transition of Arthur into Joker.Mixed : It is a good thing that the movie has a 70s psycho horror vibe to it. But, it could've been more original. Like many others have pointed out, it's similar to Taxi Driver by Scorsese. While it wasn't a copy and paste of Taxi Driver, but some parts make it obvious that the movie was inspired by Taxi Driver. Not necessarily a bad thing, the movie has the elements as a homage-ish way, but looking at how well made it was, it could've been slightly more original. And, it may feel a bit slow for some people, though it's worth your time.My take on the controversy : It can happen that some morons might watch this film and cause violence. It can happen with any violent movie. But, even though it justified the Joker's actions, it doesn't show them to be right. Speaking of violence, it's just psychologically compelling horror. It's less violent than Deadpool, but feels more violent as it's a serious movie. So, glorification and siding with a psychopath is a complete and total nonsense.Conclusion : It's a must watch. You don't need to follow any of the DC movies to understand it. But do not expect it to be a typical superhero action film with CGI battles and a spectacle. Wrong expectations might ruin the experience. Else, I found it to be better than The Dark Knight Rises. And TDKR is one of my favorites in the genre. If a Nolan movie is replaced by another movie in my list, you may consider it to be great. One last thing, people causing violence because of Joker would be equivalent to The Good, The Bad and The Ugly inspiring three people to have a gun duel for some gold.Rating:Score : 10/10Grade : A+






I do agree that Joaquin's performance was great, very well done and not an easy part to pull off. That however, was the only good part of the film. Movie was dark as I expected, but so much SLOW dialog it was putting me to sleep. Parts of the movie were VERY predictable, though a couple (literally two) of surprises that were good but didn't out weigh a very slow moving poorly laid out story. I say skip this one and wait for it to hit the other subscription services, I'd ask for my money back but I did stay till the end.






If you like movies with no story and 2 hours of blah blah nonsense, this is for you! It was by far the most boring movie of 2019. A Joaquin Phoenix who overjusts, he wants to look like Depp? Of course, I understand the story of isolation and the psychological side. But what makes this film so special that it deserves a score of 8.8? Because of Joker's laughs? Because he shot people? The dark side was much better worked in Dark Knight Rises, here we are in a dark register, gore, depressing. Strange that this film is marketed in the United States when we see that it prone the ideology of Marxism.
Only the Joker had a character development. All other characters are boring stereotypes that do not contain a single story.
The cliffhangers are all predictable!
To conclude, I do not see this Joker fighting Batman at all.






I'm keeping it short, the movie sucks.Yes, I know there's a need to build character and crap, and I think it's important for any good movie.Same goes with this, I get it Joker was a troubled man, I get his frustration, but I don't need 2 hours of the movie telling me the same crap over and over again.Give the guy an Oscar for performance but throw this movie into the trash right after.






Joker is literally an achievement in cinematic history there's no doubt in that ! But why people comparing it with Endgame ? Both movies have their own ways and they are completely different. Endgame was the best at its genre. Talking about Joker ... What can I say ... A beautiful presentation of storyline , direction , screenplay was all at its peak of greatness ... Heath ledger smiling down to earth :)






Don't waste 2 hours of your life this movie is the baddest i've seen in a long time. Crappy writing and no good storyline...it was boring. I went to the pay counter to ask my money back for the 2 hours of torture...they can't do people like this. And for all the people with 10/10(the reason why i went) you're a  joke.






This film is about mental illness. Specifically, a mental illness called creative diarrhoea. In the film, a band of Hollywood's most insipid producers, writers, directors and other such riffraff suffering from this ailment got together for a group therapy session, in which the therapist, a Hollywood mogul, had them 'let it all out', gathered the refuse and flogged it off for a few hundred million dollars.Seriously though, there is sooo much wrong with this movie. I won't even start with how I knew that a Joker sob story had no hope of (artistic) success, nor with why I went I went to see it anyway. I'll start by pointing out other reviewers' observation that this is not even the Joker. He's not suave, he's not witty, there are no lethal gimmicks, no morbid jokes, no anarchism, and he isn't a criminal mastermind. He's just a loser that goes off on a school shooter streak.Secondly, this is not, as I said earlier, a film about mental illness. It is a mockery of it, cashing in on the increasing awareness about mental health. There is not one concept about psychosis or other mental health problems judiciously explored in the movie (an illness which causes the sufferer to laugh in inappropriate situations? Seriously?!). All you're getting here is a downtrodden loner being subjected to beatings and injustices designed to spark indignation in the viewer, then going off on a murder spree.With regards to the much-praised acting, it's a mystery to me how anyone could have come to a judgement of Phoenix's theatrical achievement based off such an asinine script, because I can't. Not that you should devote an iota of attention to any of these positive reviews, because I'm fairly confident that there is some large-scale review rigging going on.The plot is one dimensional and juvenile, the dialogue as engaging as a monotone nursery rhyme and the character development shallow. There were goofs left right and centre, like revolvers with zero recoil and 8 bullets. Why did Arthur keep dancing? Why did we need to see Arthur fondling himself? Why is he so emaciated? Why so much smoking? I watched so many close-ups of cigarettes burn out it makes me wonder if the film was sponsored by the tobacco industry.The two positives in the movie for me were firstly, the final talk show scene, littered though it was with imperfections like the rest of the movie, which did have me sitting a little less slouched in my seat. Also, there were some interesting theories presented tying the Joker with the Batman.With the bar set so high by The Dark Knight, no director seeking artistic acclaim will go near the Joker for many years to come, maybe ever, but on the other hand, the Joker character has been rendered a boon for Hollywood opportunists, and this is the second time we've seen the character butchered in a low effort high budget money maker. This one will be forgotten quick, but I don't know how long it will be before the Joker himself recovers.






It's just that boring. really can't understand what the hype is all about??!






This was such a disappointment! It was dragging on. And I was waiting for things to explode. I don't get the hype. Everybody is calling this a 'masterpiece', but nobody can tell me why it was such a masterpiece. If it was a movie about how a society creates a killer, then it was done very poorly. To me, it felt just like a large number of scenes without a real story.
Somehow the darkest and most serious movies get the highest ratings. People say that this movie is so thrilling and that Joaquin Phoenix deserves an Oscar but at the end of the day, it wasn't entertainment. There were so many evil moments and dark scenes but what's so good about that?This movie was almost like instructions on how to be a psycho. They flipped the usual idea and boundaries of good and evil for the audience to feel sorry for the bad guy. People seem to think this is a good thing. It's bad!The point of a movie is to entertain audiences and this movie just made me feel depressed and miserable. I'll have to watch a movie where the hero is clear and the villain is clear so I can actually be entertained. The fundemental and successful formula for a film.






I'm making sure to give this movie 1 star because it's definitely not a 8.9 - that's a lie.Joker is not an amazing movie. It's far from great. More to the boring side.It lacks plot twist and focus too much on character development. How many times someone needs to get punched in the face before they go crazy?He suffers, gets fired, has a mental illness, nobody loves him, he's sad and he cries and he laughs and he laughs again. And he kills some people, and that's it, that's the movie.






Joker is basically the lite edition or postmodern version of Fight Club or the Scorsese films it lifts from. It's interesting to see how easily words like masterpiece and groundbreaking are being used for this, and that is the one joke that this movie successfully pulls off. It's just a whole lot of self-seriousness and posturing and is essentially hollow. It pretends to say a lot but ends up saying very little or nothing at all, not about the character nor about the society he's part of.It is also 'Joker' only in name and has very little to do with the super-villain. I'm all for a different interpretation and even an origin story for the joker but this movie fails to recognise or capture his spirit. Even 'Proto-Joker' doesn't quite do it justice, and I can think of a dozen more suitable titles e.g. Arthur, The Untalented Mr. Fleck, Smoker, Poser etc. Infact he's more akin to a less dangerous but also mentally unstable villain like Ratcatcher or Calendar Man though just with a clown theme, and is not even close to embodying the joker's extreme form of nihilism. It's not that it has to be a comic-book accurate portrayal, that would be irrelevant if it was genuinely a good movie. But far from being a masterpiece , it doesn't quite manage even that. It fails not just as an inaccurate portrayal of the Joker's spirit or essence, but also as a film about a person going over the edge.The weakest aspect of the movie for me is the poor to average direction. The movie lacks any of the subtlety and nuance that I was hoping for and what unfolds is not as much character development as it is things happening to Arthur. A good example of the poor writing and direction is the very Trump-like and one-dimensional Thomas Wayne character. This first became obvious during a scene in which some people happened to know the entire lyrics to a clown song. In a movie that otherwise tries very hard to be realistic that felt very unnecessary and took me out of the experience and it felt very contrived and predictable after that. It takes too many obvious liberties and plot conveniences to move the story forward in an unnatural and unrefined way, and ultimately felt like they tried to disguise the poor writing and direction with a dark and gritty atmosphere instead of those elements complementing each other.The only reason to watch this movie is Phoenix's performance, which while not groundbreaking is good enough to earn an awards nomination or two. I wouldn't put it in the same league as Heath Ledger's portrayal but they were two very different roles and characters. Ledger made his joker seem effortless while one can really see the strain and work Phoenix puts in. To put it simply, Ledger made it seem natural and didn't look like he was acting while with Phoenix you really know that he is, even to the extent that it may seem like overacting at times. Perhaps owing to the more physical nature of this version of whoever this character is supposed to be, that's not necessarily a criticism.Overall an average film at best that pretends to be a lot more. I don't see this one ageing well or being remembered decades later the way Fight Club or the Scorsese movies it's "inspired" by, or CBM's like Dark Knight or Logan or even Tim Burton's Batman, are remembered today.






People are so hyped about it because it's so pretentious, that it makes them feel like "enlightened" ones. I haven't heard a good review of this movie from smart or intelligent people. Only those whose main movie list consists of actions and comedies call this a piece of art.A wife of a friend even called those who hadn't liked the movie "lemmings" but she's the one from the countryside who dreams of expensive brands and it actually made me laugh my ass out. Now you have an idea who this movie was made for.The plot is the main weakness. The Phoenix overplays and it feels uncomfortable to watch. The camera work feels very cheap and the overall boredom of the movie makes you start noticing all the imperfections. I would give it 5-6 out of 10 but there are too many pretentious dummies who gave 10 points so I'll even out the difference.






The movie was excellent and amazing, from the beginning that Joaquin's personality is seen as he evolves in the Joker until the end, Joker is the most difficult character to do and I think Joaquin did it!!






One of the worst movies I have seen in years. Best part is Cream's White Room. Director is terrible.






This was one of the worse movies I have seen. It was over acted by all actors, the story dragged on and on. I saw this movie for a bargain matinee and thought I was ripped off! The only good part was the comfy chairs and the half priced snacks!
Phoenix was so over the top and not in a good way. PHOENIX STOP DANCING!!! Deniro played another version of all the parts he has played in the past few years!
2 stars for the chair and 1 star for the snacks, -1 stars for wasting my day!






It seems like they were making a movie about psychotic killer clown and halfway during production decided to slap on a "Joker" title to make an "origin" movie about one of the most iconic villains of all time. They could literary change a couple of names and put the "Depressed psycho killer clown" as a title and it wouldn't make any difference. Well, at least i would give it a 5 out of 10 score. Maybe.Phoenix's Joker is stripped, sliced, diced, blended and strained to reduce him to only one of many aspects of character itself, insanity. Well that, and clown clothes. No other character traits Joker is famous, feared and loved for are there, and I just can't see them developing ever in this version of him. Even the movie itself is a slap to the one of the most important part of the lore and characterisation, Joker never truly revealed his true identity and even the three comic book versions of his genesis are probably all lies (well Jack Napier is just a shortcut for the story sake in first Keaton's Batman, movie-wise). Forget the deadly toys and gadgets, where are the genius intellect, prankster personality, wits, planning 5 steps ahead? True Joker is the driving force, this one is just a passenger in a cab (Taxi Driver pun intended). Joker would never pitty on himself, he does not laugh because he has a psychological condition and can't help it, he laughs because he is genuinely amused with all the terror and pain he inflicts, he IS truly a psychopath, not a person with some type of Tourette syndrome pushed in a world of murder and crime. And most of all Joker is supposed to be actually funny in his sick and twisted way, not only to himself (as Phoenix is) but to all of us. This is the first time i did not find anything funny in ones depiction of the Joker (well Leto's performance is a pretty good contender, but i won't judge him on the basis of 37 seconds of screen time lol, and even that was closer to Joker than this).As if you make a Batman movie where the Dark Knight is only left with his early fear of bats and mask with pointy ears, or the Iron Man where Tony is only a rich pompous jerk.And when Bruce Wayne becomes Batman Joker will be, what, 65, 70 years old?This movie doesn't work as an origin story, it doesn't work as a standalone (it's composed of only one really long act with a glimpse of a second one), nor as a part of DC in general. It is not an origin story we need, nor deserve, it simply isn't a Joker story.
What can I say about it that hasn't already been said? It's not a terrible film, but it's not a great (or even a really good one) either. The technical aspects are great. The score and cinematography are really good. Many individual scenes are also good. But as a whole, it just feels unnecessary. Not just that, but tone deaf as well. What it's trying to say about mental illness is problematic. Why? Because it's not really sure what it's trying to say or if it's even trying to say anything about it at all. Instead, it was added in there because, well, it's easy right? Joaquin Phoenix really does excel in many scenes of the film, but I'm not sure I would want him winning an Oscar for this. Overall, it's also just not that interesting. It's kind of... boring at times. And for a Joker film to be boring? That's a crucial offense. And I guess everyone is entitled to their opinion, but I seriously wonder if those people calling this a "masterpiece" have even seen Taxi Driver or The King of Comedy.






This movie is poorly done as to how it tells the story. It is a dark movie showing the problem of mental illness






I was underwhelmed - to say it friendly - but not surprised by the fact. Because Hollywood has lost its magic looong time ago. IMHO no. bo. dy gives a damn about Darth Vader's Childhood or Joker's relationship with his mother. All we want for centuries is a proper boogeyman. If you overpaid LaLaLand-Schmocks won't jump from the stupid Prequel-explains-it-all-train - please give us at least solid filmmaking. Joker is a mess. No story, no finesse, no build-up, no surprises, no ideas. But a load of layman-psychology that should make even 12y olds roll their eyes; a cacophony of more or less unrelated scenes; cheesy taxi-driver-moments without any impact; massive overacting by Phoenix and no subtle sinister Joker moments except for the two second Elevator-Scene we all know (and love) from the trailer. rating 9.0? A joke. Heath Ledger, I miss you.






I didnt really know much about this movie. I hadnt seen any trailers for it or anything but i decided to give it a go while i was stoned with my mate Steve. we actually got tickets for a different movie but couldnt find our screen so we ended up in the screen showing The Joker. It wasnt til about 45 minutes in that I realised this movie is no good. I couldnt understand a lot of what certain actors were saying it was really mumbled and low quality. The story is so confusing its hard to keep track of who's who. There's a lot of scenes where literally nothing happens except for people talking or walking down corridors. I whispered to my mate Steve about an hour in to see if he thought it was as bad as i did, but he had fallen asleep.The good thing about the movie is the acting. the geezer who plays the joker is very good at it. Also there is a few very funny scenes near the end but other than that this movie is overly long, too complex, not enough action, and poor directing.






Please go watch this movie! This is the first time I've ever wrote a review on this app and I've been using it to read reviews for years! That's how good this film is. Very dark, grimy and disturbing, exactly how an origin film about the joker should be. I have no doubt it will win multiple oscars. Do yourself a favor and go see it!!!






W.O.W!!!
What can I say about how brilliant Phoenix act performance is ??
In shortcut,movie of the year 💯/💯👏






Phoenix's acting was superb! It was dark but truthful to one's mental health struggles. The tone of the film, the color used, and that beautiful music that just wraps up the entire scenario - tied everything together into this beautifully messy take on the Joker's life or not-life.
Great acting from joaquin phoenix. The movie dives deep into the twisted mind of a character and his journey to becoming one of the most popular comic villians of all time.
Absolutely brilliant. Such a well-deserved Oscar for Joaquin Phoenix. Beautiful portrait of a loner.
Brilliant and unforgettable.
Masterpiece f what everyone else says. 
It was good i guess. Passeble
It is really a "dark" movie. It does relate an improper handling of a mentally ill person.  The acting of the principal character was  SUPERB!!
Awesome  acting  and good  cinematography  just kinda boring  wish it was better
Creepy but good. JP did an outstanding job on this act.
far from being a clown price of crime.
A blend of supervillain and psychological thriller that's worth every minute of your undisturbed time.
I really love this movie. It reflects a lot of realistic issue, and worth the public to self-examination.
Perfectly captures the nihilistic rage of our current dystopian times while serving as a warning to the corrupt one percent.
Best movie I've seen in a while.  Transcends the genre. A real work of art.
Fantastic portrayal of an ordinary man who becomes a super villain through ordinary means, Phoenix plays the lead in a way which really tells a story unlike any other. I was blown away by this film,not usually one for comic book stories but this one is different, likely to appeal to fans of the series and those who enjoy more serious adventure.
Uncomfortable and thought-provoking. Never before have we been thrown into the world of an unstable and violent character in the way we do in Joker. Joaquin Phoenix delivers a performance that will live on through the ages. A definite "must-see," but most likely a "not see again."
I don't like this type of movie but I wanted to see Joaquin Phoenix. 
La atmósfera de está película hace que empatices con las circunstancias que llevan a la locura al Joker. No solo eso, el guión, la banda sonora y los planos también. Así que está película no solo le debe el mérito a su protagonista principal. Sin embargo, es él el que le da el toque de majestuosidad.
The movie was amazing it was really interesting, good story and had a lot of action and funny scenes !!! Best 10 out of 10!!!!
The is good, But its elevated by the great performance that Joaquin Phoenix gave.
cross the expectations must watch best film ever watch luck to watch in silver screen the sound was fabulous if heath ledger is 10/10 then phoenix is 9.99/10
#FinalVerdictnnJoker movie is a thunderous masterpiece! Can easily compete with the best comic book films of all time. The best movie of 2019 which belongs more in the Joaquin Phoenix Universe than the DC Universe. In the media, director Todd Phillips's Joker movie has been frenetically celebrated and a possible Oscars 2020 blessing (otherwise unthinkable for a comic-based film) is speculated violently. Let me say it loud and clear: there is not a word of it exaggerated.nnJoker movie is an "origin story", which tells how poor Arthur, nicknamed Happy by his mother, will become one of the most famous enemies of Batman. However, here there is no question of the Dark Knight, the story unfolds when Bruce Wayne is still a child. Surprisingly, Joker movie is totally a drama. A hard drama, rough, bitter, in a sticky environment. An environment that does not help Arthur to adapt. Director/writer Todd Phillips & cowriter Scott Silver take time to present the characters, places and situations. Joker movie is a work closer to auteur cinema. It's important to note that there's nothing wrong with this movie. Director Todd Phillips manages to infuse a very stylized colorful theme with the dark at the same time. It's bold, devastating & utterly beautiful. The sombre staging tackles you from the first second, shaking you through for two hours and never letting go until the last second. Joker movie is a horror story, not the celebratory tale of an antihero. Joker is a game changer and plays in a league of his own.nnThe great soundtrack consists mainly of classics of the swing era (Frank Sinatra et al) and is an integral part of the plot. The congenial score of Hildur Gudnadottir amplifies the power of the images many times, so that every scene penetrates deep into the bone marrow. Director Todd Phillips is a revelation at the helm and does the best directing job of his career with the twisted material, able to strike a tone that straddles stabs of bleak darkness, gasps of hope and pangs of inevitability. I doff my hat to you sir! DOP Lawrence Sher's no-frills work to emphasize twisted, dark cityscapes, streets & nightmarish forms deserves a huge shout-out. With picture-perfect contrasts & color, sublime compositions, the rich and complex mise-en-scène succeeds in elevating the movie.nnBut all of this impressive, stylish construction wouldn’t have worked without Joaquin Phoenix. He inhabits his role with a commitment that’s magnetic in its unpredictability. His unbelievable performance will leave the most lasting impression on the audience. Robert De Niro - one of his best roles for a long time! Zazie Beetz is remarkable. I left the cinema with lasting impressions & my mouth open. Beneath this gripping, bold, revisionist psychological thriller, Joker is the comic book villain we deserve right now. Joker movie is a masterpiece! Its understanding doesn’t cross the line into sympathy, as we’re left watching a man who becomes less & less human as his tragedy unfolds. We repeatedly see him burst into laughter, but can never rule out whether he’s actually crying.
It's very hard and twisted to side with a guy whom you know to have committed countless serious felony, but as the movie progreses you'll found yourself in such dilemma. The movies packs a very dark, sympathetic and believable side of the clown prince. And boy the movie is full of references. Don't miss this masterpiece.
one of the best joker origin story had also some glimpse of heath Ledger joker a fantastic work done by Joaquin Phoenix he js phenomenal Oscar worthy performance
This is going to be Classic tale of Birth of Joker-The iconic Super villain of all times. Marvelous. Truly Dark, Intense and not to be missed 🤡 ...PUT ON YOUR HAPPY FACE 🙃
Best movie since The Dark Night! 
absolutely upto the high expectations! 
this movie is not for people with dim wit and just want nonsense entertainment in a movie!
U are not a fan when u walked in and started whistling at his intro scene, no u are not a fan yet, because you screamed and cheered more for little Bruce than for Arthur, You didn't cheer when he says my life is not a tragedy but a comedy. U just gone crazy for some trailer lines that's it, but u know u became one when he speaks out truth on the show, you don't feel sad for an innocent  soul's death, yeah you are becoming a fan slowly and later you know it when u cheer and go crazy when some punk kills master Wayne and says"you get what you deserve"then the guy who walked in the theater just disappears.. you know you are a crazy fan when you see those red foots and can't control whistling.  Yeah now you are.. it all makes sense.. that's joker for you.
A brilliant piece of art ... it’s just extraordinarily brilliant... acting camerawork background score direction ... just flawless... best this year
When society abuses you and treats you like a trash just give'em back with a huge smile on your face 🤗...Execution is to the point and Phoenix lived joker 🔥... A great experience go enjoy 💯

Verdict: Phillips` grim take is the perfect set-up for the chaotic Joker we`ve known. Its here! Joker is finally here and it is everything we were hoping for. Todd Phillips take on the DC villain Joker is devastating, to say the least. Joaquin Phoenix is extraordinary an actor and while we have sincerely tried not to fangirl more than necessary, we have failed. Whats Joker About: Gotham C...
...Read full review


As a portrait of anxiety and nihilism stemming from poverty and systemic oppression, it is magnificent.
...Read full review


Having said that, Phoenix is one person standing tall amidst all the chaos and totally determined to make Joker an enjoyable ride. Its his show and a possible ticket to the Oscar podium.
...Read full review


Joaquin Phoenix gives performance of a lifetime in deeply disturbing film
...Read full review


Joaquin Phoenix mesmerises in Todd Phillips` entertaining but problematic treatment.
...Read full review


Its simultaneously difficult to watch and yet, impossible to take your eyes off him. If Joaquin Phoenix finally wins an Academy Award for this performance, it will be hard to argue against it.
...Read full review

